a-6	primlife	0	No specific role
a-a-s-schaefer	muscodgui	0	No specific role
a-arzilli	jsar	1	No specific role
a-b	periodictables	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
a-b	qbittorrent	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
a-b	kagiru	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
a-dai	crowtde	1	Project Manager
a-dead-trousers	oophp	1	No specific role
a-demenev	php-tvision	1	No specific role
a-gopal	jdepends	1	No specific role
a-gordon	rdv-framework	1	No specific role
a-i	theblog	1	No specific role
a-ito	palmkit	1	No specific role
a-ito	w3m	1	No specific role
a-kazachonak	jcontour	1	No specific role
a-kopacz	tahoe	0	Developer
a-l-e-c	polishpgdoc	0	Developer
a-labitte	easyappointment	1	No specific role
a-lin	dsynkant	1	No specific role
a-lin	empepa	1	Developer
a-lin	qtd50edit	1	No specific role
a-lin	lmuse	0	Developer
a-m-z	opensg	1	Developer
a-moeller	jassda	0	Developer
a-mused	infobot	0	Developer
a-n-d-r-e-a-s	filesearcher	1	All-Hands Person
a-nath	electric-eye	0	No specific role
a-nath	audiostreamer	0	Developer
a-non-mouse	openaaq	1	Project Manager
a-otto	typo3xdev	1	Developer
a-otto	typo3	1	Developer
a-otto	php4win32	1	Developer
a-paikan	pfdic	1	No specific role
a-pi	commentcodegen	1	No specific role
a-r-s	projectgenesis	0	No specific role
a-s-e	myseries	1	All-Hands Person
a-s-g-a-r-d	fenrir	1	No specific role
a-s-g-a-r-d	eac	1	No specific role
a-s-g-a-r-d	xneur	0	Developer
a-sabetta	klaper	1	Project Manager
a-saladin	prottools	1	Project Manager
a-san	jcom	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
a-san	jmichelle	1	No specific role
a-sennov	kaji	1	No specific role
a-sharpe	ffscripts	1	Project Manager
a-shneyderman	grdevtools	1	No specific role
a-v-o	phpdefob	1	Developer
a-v-s	dgcshell	1	Developer
a-v-s	avsp2p	1	No specific role
a-v-s	andresprogs	1	No specific role
a-v-t	visualeiffel	1	Developer
a-wolf	dictinstall	0	Developer
a-x	exeadmin	1	No specific role
a-yoshida	pfstools	0	Developer
a-z0-9_	doov	0	Developer
a0174052	ldo	1	No specific role
a03bf494	spacetaxi	1	No specific role
a0z0ra	friendsmap	1	No specific role
a10	hacksms	1	Developer
a1001bytes	spf	1	Developer
a10nush	opengl3dwm	0	Developer
a111b22c3	jspdbadmin	0	Developer
a12	thancad	1	No specific role
a1291762	unimotion	1	No specific role
a1291762	ipodicons	1	No specific role
a13519	jsppc	1	No specific role
a16556dw	ecgl-chaos	1	No specific role
a16556dw	ecgl-stk	1	No specific role
a18190	wpa	1	No specific role
a1c0r	virtuedesktops	0	Developer
a1call	perfext	1	No specific role
a1copyright	javaby	0	No specific role
a1d4n	dlportal	0	No specific role
a1ex_r0	hiddenaudibles	1	No specific role
a1k0n	gsynth	1	No specific role
a1k0n	pgmfi	1	Project Manager
a1kmm	undernet-ircu	0	Developer
a1kmm	uxfc	1	No specific role
a1pha_	moepbot	1	No specific role
a1programmer	primefind	1	No specific role
a1s	pynicode	1	No specific role
a1s	ptml	1	Developer
a1s	golded-plus	0	Developer
a1s	dbfpy	1	Developer
a1s	fasttran	1	No specific role
a1s	pythonreports	1	No specific role
a1s	roundup	0	Developer
a1st0	donitor	1	Developer
a1studmuffin	asteroids3d	1	No specific role
a1studmuffin	auralprobe	1	No specific role
a1tsal	thdltools	0	Developer
a22	xymms	0	No specific role
a25468	lpfw	1	No specific role
a2800276	jsxmlrpc	1	Developer
a2b2c2d	aimfserve	1	No specific role
a2c	malic	1	No specific role
a2c	imgseekweb	1	No specific role
a2daj	macglquake	0	Developer
a2katz	lcdmpd	1	No specific role
a2nnu	bwise	1	Developer
a2santos	pandora	0	Developer
a35986	bulgaria	1	No specific role
a37721	si-processor	1	Developer
a37wong	projectzerok	0	Developer
a3aan	customrefactor	1	Developer
a3aan	dhbnumerics	1	No specific role
a3alex	nc110	1	No specific role
a3dge_mac	a3dge	0	Doc Writer
a3schuur	sblim	0	No specific role
a3ulafia	supercollider	1	Web Designer
a3ulafia	audacity	0	Developer
a4blank	json-impl	1	No specific role
a4paper	wcuniverse	0	Web Designer
a5kin	erlife	1	No specific role
a67sm	sscs4php	1	Project Manager
a71104	sillian	1	Developer
a71104	diamondcrush	0	Developer
a76house	budiik	1	Project Manager
a7r	python-evas	1	No specific role
a7r	megasquirtavr	0	Developer
a7v	bowlfish	0	Tester
a9-_	libertysetup	1	No specific role
a95180	remind	0	Developer
a96nicbe	yaks	1	No specific role
a9bejo	textcat	0	No specific role
aa-fgm-ro_lord	omniathena	0	All-Hands Person
aa1vl	hamlib	0	Developer
aa29	xao	0	Developer
aa4rc	ftdi-usb-ft245	1	No specific role
aa5779	cferlang	1	No specific role
aa5779	claws	1	No specific role
aa5779	liblanguage	1	No specific role
aa5779	nsl	1	No specific role
aa6e	hamlib	0	Developer
aa6e	rigserve	1	No specific role
aaa123	gantter	0	Developer
aaajavamonkey	nice-strings	1	No specific role
aaakiraaa	arzak	1	Project Manager
aaakiraaa	wealthfw	1	No specific role
aaangel	cm2-plugins	1	Project Manager
aaanwar	cupid	1	No specific role
aaap	aaapage	1	No specific role
aaaxl	bidex	1	No specific role
aaaxxxlll	csharp-sitemap	1	Developer
aaaz	archmage	1	No specific role
aabaker	augur-olr	1	No specific role
aabaker	sqcam	1	Project Manager
aabaker	nslu	0	Developer
aabe	pymax	1	No specific role
aabeling	commons-agents	1	No specific role
aabouchi	jradius-client	1	Project Manager
aaboudara	jmagallanes	1	Project Manager
aabs	aabsnorm	1	No specific role
aabs	aabsdbc	1	No specific role
aaccomazzi	dexter	0	All-Hands Person
aacharya	mvt	0	Distributor/Promoter
aackermann	weverwa	1	No specific role
aacook	signs	0	Developer
aad007	ecomansys	1	Support Technician
aadant	hanzidict	0	No specific role
aadcock	volunteer-db	1	No specific role
aadhaar	docsearch	1	No specific role
aadhaar	aidlgame	1	No specific role
aaditya	sim85	1	Developer
aadler	telltable-s	1	No specific role
aadler	biometrics	1	No specific role
aadler	eidors3d	1	Developer
aadler	octave	0	Developer
aadnoll	xshare	0	Tester
aadsm	istcm	1	No specific role
aadwight	satchel	0	Developer
aad_nales	mtstcops	1	Project Manager
aae06	citytraffic	0	Developer
aafemt	firebird	0	Developer
aaff	erazmos	1	Developer
aaff	multifis	1	No specific role
aaff	phpmedia	0	No specific role
aaff	php-eddi-dev	1	Developer
aaff	supergaleria	1	No specific role
aaff	vdrift	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
aaflatooni	yolk	1	No specific role
aaflatooni	yazd	1	No specific role
aaflatooni	meinds	0	No specific role
aafonso	cgparser	0	No specific role
aafshar	pgdebugger	1	No specific role
aafshar	exe	0	Web Designer
aafupf	aaf	0	No specific role
aafuss1	babyadock	1	No specific role
aafuss1	babyaphoto	1	No specific role
aafuss1	bsys93	1	No specific role
aagaio	squidmin	1	No specific role
aagapov	farcvs	1	No specific role
aagate	xmlecho	1	Developer
aage	poshmodule	0	Developer
aage	vortex	1	No specific role
aagee	pw2	0	Developer
aaghevli	kittracker	1	Developer
aagholmberg	pocketclive	1	No specific role
aagswc	mituen	0	Developer
aaguayo	xendra	1	Developer
aaguilera	webuylug	0	Developer
aaguilera	lesp	0	Developer
aah28	dlportal	0	No specific role
aahall	kowari	0	Developer
aaharper	peachpit	1	No specific role
aahkam	d-browser	1	Developer
aahlt	ouoss	0	Developer
aahz	ht2html	0	No specific role
aahz	docutils	0	Developer
aahz	python	0	No specific role
aaiken	banshee	0	No specific role
aaime	geotools	1	Developer
aaime	geoserver	1	Developer
aaires	openarp	1	No specific role
aajjan	gull	0	Developer
aajjan	sipp	0	Developer
aakafosfor	mmfm	1	Developer
aakaps	zopark	0	Web Designer
aakash	webnap	1	No specific role
aakashs	jcrowds	1	No specific role
aakhtar	jpm3	1	No specific role
aakhter	tcllib	0	Developer
aakhter	cosi-nms	0	Developer
aakia	icme	0	No specific role
aakis	sarien	0	Developer
aakixdec	webixmail	1	No specific role
aakso	dpbb	1	All-Hands Person
aaladid	sound-station	0	Developer
aalakulj	manadochess	1	Developer
aalam	maithili	0	No specific role
aalam	indianoss	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
aalam	poedit	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
aalam	punjabi	1	Project Manager
aalam	punlinux	1	Project Manager
aalbarnes	gsec	1	Project Manager
aalberg	marc2frbr	1	No specific role
aalbergj	grnds	1	Developer
aalbre	phiwebber	1	Project Manager
aalbre	dreampnp	1	Project Manager
aalbright	hpoj	0	Support Technician
aalbright	hplip	1	Developer
aalbright	hpinkjet	0	Developer
aalcaine	ircomm2k	0	Web Designer
aalcocer	phpole	1	No specific role
aaldeveloper1	applautolayer	0	Developer
aalef	opencdn	1	No specific role
aalempije	cas-robotics	0	Developer
aalexei	cfm	1	No specific role
aalexei	linkvault	1	No specific role
aalexei	pyscript	1	Developer
aalexei	gqc	1	No specific role
aalexei	notepad	1	No specific role
aalgahmi	webtheme	1	No specific role
aalhad	mobicash	1	No specific role
aali	biomail	0	Developer
aali	open-outcomes	0	Developer
aalias	jaugment	0	Developer
aallamaa	nfsrtp	0	No specific role
aallowat	web-cat	1	No specific role
aalm	continuum	1	Doc Writer
aalm	esf-curriculum	1	No specific role
aalm	monitoranything	1	No specific role
aalmenar	jspdbadmin	1	Project Manager
aalmiray	jstester	1	No specific role
aalmiray	json-lib	1	No specific role
aalmiray	brico	1	No specific role
aalmiray	ezmorph	1	No specific role
aalobous	ggnfs	0	Developer
aalok4java	minesweeper	1	No specific role
aalonso0101	crushedbee	1	No specific role
aalperparker	impact	0	Developer
aalsop	pontiff	1	Developer
aaltamirano	tsmreport	1	No specific role
aalthaf	own-ftp	0	Graphic/Other Designer
aalvaradoh	tclgmail	1	No specific role
aalves	wsbpeltc	0	No specific role
aalynch	kayali	1	Project Manager
aalyreth	aalyreth	1	No specific role
aamartins	kubik	0	Developer
aamato	mobileserver	1	No specific role
aamayer	boone	1	Project Manager
aameek	accountssummary	1	No specific role
aamehl	denemo	0	Developer
aamehl	lilyxml	1	No specific role
aamin	clims	1	No specific role
aamine	ruby-gnome	0	Developer
aamine	tdiary	0	Developer
aamirani	jnc	0	Developer
aamirb	mafiazone	1	No specific role
aamirmughal	aamirplayer	1	No specific role
aamir_abbas	comparedb	1	All-Hands Person
aamorim	t-i-db	1	Project Manager
aamoruso	cdrecwebmin	1	No specific role
aamoruso	zyx-ip	1	No specific role
aamot	ptp	0	Tester
aamr	freelibp2p	1	No specific role
aanand	farscreen	0	No specific role
aanand	firestormws	1	Project Manager
aanand	epcconnect	0	Developer
aanand	eolf	0	Developer
aanand	freephone	0	No specific role
aanand	xit	0	Developer
aanand	rocs	0	No specific role
aanand	netnice	0	Tester
aanand	mospft	0	Developer
aanand	biometrics	0	Developer
aanand	openbio	0	Developer
aanand	profi2	0	Tester
aanand	pdtpd	0	Developer
aanand	kwsap	1	Project Manager
aanand	libsc	1	Developer
aanand	libpdtp	0	Developer
aanand	easyasnat	1	Project Manager
aanand	jwiki	0	No specific role
aanand	jlauncher	0	Developer
aanand	javasaml	1	Project Manager
aananiev	mockejb	1	No specific role
aanassar	rescueroadways	0	Project Manager
aanassar	utplsql	0	Developer
aanatoly	fborg	1	No specific role
aanatoly	fbpanel	1	Project Manager
aanatoly	fbxkb	1	No specific role
aandas99	dcrawler	1	Developer
aandelkovic	carchallenge	1	Developer
aanders_llund	angelos	1	Developer
aandl	jimagenavigator	1	No specific role
aandl	jdiver	1	Project Manager
aandrade1234	atom3d	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
aandrade4321	spiritdk	0	Developer
aandreabozzetto	equogest	0	Developer
aandreev	violap	1	No specific role
aandrei	a-k-i-r-a	0	Analysis / Design
aandrei	loki-exp	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
aandrei	loki-lib	1	All-Hands Person
aandreu	ldap2ldap	1	No specific role
aandreu	xml2ldap	1	Developer
aandreu	wsfuzzer	1	Developer
aandreu	csv2ldif	1	No specific role
aandrulis	eclixpweb	1	Project Manager
aandy51	opencvucl	0	No specific role
aanelson	plugincore	1	No specific role
aanjhan	gnusim8085	0	Developer
aankhra	wrappingcurses	1	No specific role
aankhra	magucken	1	No specific role
aanna	inmobis	1	Developer
aanno	jvm-bridge	0	Developer
aanno	haskell-corba	1	No specific role
aanno	doctransformer	1	No specific role
aanp	jcompare	1	Project Manager
aantico	ezpa	1	Project Manager
aantony	larm	0	Developer
aantov	magelan	1	Project Manager
aantov	sdoclet	1	Project Manager
aanttila	sharpcore	1	No specific role
aanttila	sharpchat	1	No specific role
aanttila	csharpdatatier	1	Project Manager
aanttila	portalsdk	1	No specific role
aanund	mudmatrix	1	No specific role
aanval	aanval	1	No specific role
aapopfiets	gameoflife3d	1	All-Hands Person
aapopfiets	paperboy	1	Developer
aapopfiets	pbwdm	0	Developer
aapot	r300	0	Developer
aappddeevv	swtdatabinding	1	No specific role
aappel	illias-atlantis	1	No specific role
aaptam	usbirboy	1	Developer
aaragones	acuity	1	No specific role
aaragorn	bonfireflights	0	Developer
aaran	jdbcrelease	1	No specific role
aaray	smstools	0	Developer
aardappel	sauerbraten	1	No specific role
aardappel	cube	1	Developer
aardema	pyx12	0	Developer
aardmark	webocs	1	No specific role
aardvark5	ethos-toolkit	1	Developer
aardvarkm	f20	0	No specific role
aardwulf	recluse	1	No specific role
aarem	pensieve	1	No specific role
aarendsen	springframework	0	Developer
aarendsen	jibe	1	No specific role
aarestad	javahack	1	No specific role
aareth	aisa	1	All-Hands Person
aarfo	ibookshelf	1	No specific role
aarfo	tpm	1	No specific role
aarghl	triplechess	1	No specific role
aargon	qore	1	Developer
aaris	libssh	1	No specific role
aarjav	uvwx	1	Developer
aarner	gf-tools	1	Project Manager
aarnon	hom	1	No specific role
aarnon	anvilvm	1	No specific role
aarnone	htdig	0	Developer
aarnt	jtgzmanager	1	No specific role
aarobber	cel	0	Developer
aarobber	planeshift	0	No specific role
aarobber	crystal	0	Developer
aaron	javasci	1	No specific role
aaron	phpjsp	0	No specific role
aaron	corina	1	Project Manager
aaron2000	circuitwar	1	Project Manager
aaron830523	qp-net	1	No specific role
aaronaskew	phpine	1	No specific role
aarona_te	tt2	0	Developer
aaronbata	ooba	1	Developer
aaronbennett	phpmyphotos	1	No specific role
aaronbennett	saltwater	0	Web Designer
aaronblum	dems	1	No specific role
aaronbockover	codeconnect	1	All-Hands Person
aaronbowen	pyret	0	Developer
aaronbowen	ltp	0	Web Designer
aaronbphillips	cera	1	Project Manager
aaronca	prodder	1	Developer
aaroncampbell	phphtmltables	1	No specific role
aaroncp	openvncpro	1	No specific role
aaroncp	youthworkerdb	1	No specific role
aaroncrane	html-index	0	Developer
aaroncrane	dbd-pgpp	0	Developer
aarongeller	pyepl	1	Developer
aarongeller	activewire-osx	1	Developer
aaronhicks	linball	1	No specific role
aaronhuan	openology	0	Developer
aaronjacobs	gosee	1	No specific role
aaronjlynch	boardfusion	0	Developer
aaronjwilliams	flexstor	0	Developer
aaronkaplan	pilotmanager	1	Developer
aaronkaplan	syncbbdb2	1	Project Manager
aaronl	ocularis	1	Project Manager
aaronlippold	userlogin	0	Developer
aaronlippold	bastille-linux	0	Developer
aaronlk	e-activism	1	Developer
aaronlyons	weather	0	Developer
aaronman	bww-irc	0	No specific role
aaronmartin	todo	1	No specific role
aaronmf	javapingapi	1	No specific role
aaronmj	event-tracker	0	Developer
aaronmueller	concurrence	0	Tester
aaronngray	bookmarkeditor	1	No specific role
aaronngray	prop-cc	1	Developer
aaronperkins	oreproject	1	Project Manager
aaronpri	agent450	1	Developer
aaronprice	tabgradebook	1	No specific role
aaronroe	opendream	1	Project Manager
aaronroe	dekiwiki	1	Project Manager
aarons	mlug	1	Project Manager
aarons2000	idebater	0	Developer
aarons2000	kwcontent	0	Developer
aaronsaugar	phptranslator	0	Developer
aaronsheldon	gaim	0	Developer
aaronsteele	biogeomancer	1	All-Hands Person
aaronsteers	xmlca	1	No specific role
aaronstj	ti8xds	1	No specific role
aaronstj	ti83dk	1	No specific role
aaronstj	gh0stshell	1	Project Manager
aaronsw	peerkat	1	No specific role
aaronsw	orchard	1	No specific role
aaronsw	khashmir	0	Developer
aaronsw	tunetagger	0	No specific role
aaronsw	mod-pubsub	0	Developer
aaronsw	blogbot	0	No specific role
aaronsw	cctools	0	Developer
aaronthemad	stickbug	1	No specific role
aaronthemad	yoctoprox	1	No specific role
aaronurbain	openqrm	0	Developer
aaronurbain	kiscsiadm	0	Developer
aaronvegh	gravity-gtd	1	No specific role
aaronvegh	darksunlinux	1	No specific role
aaronwald	jabberpy	0	Developer
aaronwalsh	game-standards	0	No specific role
aaronwhittier	test4j	1	All-Hands Person
aaronwl	uname-windows	1	No specific role
aaronwl	mail2pipe	1	Project Manager
aaronwl	awl	1	Project Manager
aaronwolfe	tunequeue	1	No specific role
aaron_a_nc	datarunner	0	No specific role
aaron_baugher	crossfire	0	No specific role
aaron_brick	dbdb	1	All-Hands Person
aaron_chen	saftest	0	Developer
aaron_chen	openhpi	0	Tester
aaron_ds	csufsummerproj	0	Developer
aaron_kreis	juicynews	0	Developer
aaron_murray	openhmis	1	Developer
aaron_newman	abc	1	Project Manager
aaron_of_mtl	perl-rss	0	No specific role
aaron_polley	anix	1	No specific role
aaron_ramsey	jlingr	1	No specific role
aaron_sama	warp2007	1	Project Manager
aaron_solomon	nici-teredo	1	No specific role
aaron_solomon	ncnu-voip	1	No specific role
aaron_thode	pamguard	0	No specific role
aaron_trevena	maypole	1	Developer
aaron_trevena	geekcycle	1	No specific role
aaron_watters	gadfly	1	No specific role
aaron_watters	pingo	0	No specific role
aaron_watters	bplusdotnet	1	No specific role
aaron_watters	xsdb	1	No specific role
aaron_watters	skimpygimpy	1	No specific role
aaron_watters	pysol	1	No specific role
aaron_windsor	boost	0	Developer
aarpoe	nuqiq	1	No specific role
aarpon	qum	1	Developer
aarpon	hrm	1	Project Manager
aarre	popassassin	1	No specific role
aarre	php2py	1	No specific role
aarrgard	foregej	1	No specific role
aarrgard	mapifier	1	No specific role
aarsanjani	ebazaar	1	No specific role
aarse	bl0rp	1	Developer
aarse	skstats	1	No specific role
aarse	yaya	1	No specific role
aart3k	netsource	1	No specific role
aart3k	signengine	0	Developer
aart3k	reactospl	1	No specific role
aarthi	smokevm	0	No specific role
aarthi	origin42	0	Developer
aartiles	moodle	0	No specific role
aartmatsinger	uhapi4linux	0	Developer
aarumugacse	sip3	0	Project Manager
aarun3034	wingtk	0	No specific role
aarun3034	vb4linux	0	No specific role
aaru_bui	abtrack	1	No specific role
aarvesen	p6spy	1	Project Manager
aas247	chords	1	No specific role
aasanaliev	fina	0	Tester
aashiks	ksushi	0	Developer
aashishgandhi	mastrbsp2003	0	Developer
aashishpatil	suremth	1	No specific role
aashishpatil	repoint	1	No specific role
aashishpatil	wdkeclipseplug	1	Developer
aashu4linux	hris	1	No specific role
aasimon	j2da	1	Developer
aasircode	widelands	0	No specific role
aaskarov	azoi	1	No specific role
aasnes	papco	0	Developer
aastaneh	xerxes	1	No specific role
aastaneh	sqlwhite	0	No specific role
aastha	devashishb	0	No specific role
aastha	mobileiiop	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
aastha	value	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
aastha	con-man	0	Project Manager
aas_at_sf_net	ucms	1	No specific role
aat	bjsupport	0	Tester
aatc20	fdss	1	No specific role
aatc20	seam	1	Developer
aatienza	emptygoke	1	No specific role
aaton	ugrabcam-pl	1	Developer
aaton	alexandria	1	Unix Admin
aaturner	padda	1	Developer
aaubert	css-anim	1	No specific role
aaubert	perf2is	1	No specific role
aaubert	getpstsize	1	No specific role
aauer	open-outcomes	0	Editorial/Content Writer
aauer1	atethernet	1	Developer
aaugust	graphflow	0	Developer
aaugustin	lokad	0	Developer
aausch	self	1	Developer
aav	doomlegacy	0	No specific role
aavelar	idesk	1	Project Manager
aavolkov	mkeys	1	No specific role
aavso-dev	aavso-vsr	1	No specific role
aaw8	tinaposplus	0	Developer
aawan	cfopenbb	0	Developer
aawood	twv3d	0	Developer
aayars	ops-framework	1	No specific role
aaybes	cvsfinder	0	Developer
aayesh	freephone	0	Analysis / Design
aaylett	aav	1	No specific role
aayuso	labelme	0	Developer
aayyaazz	rupix	0	Developer
aayzac	robotplug	1	No specific role
aazevedo	decodificador	0	Developer
ab-sky	hbfree	0	Developer
ab0oo	qpegps	0	Developer
ab13122k	mbunitasp	1	No specific role
ab2006	dpmxl	1	No specific role
ab384	prasi	1	No specific role
ab384	syndrome	1	Project Manager
ab384	wefis	0	All-Hands Person
ab5000	knochat	1	No specific role
ab5602	robsort	1	No specific role
ababaoglan	l-script	1	No specific role
ababel	intracreate	1	Project Manager
abacabb	digitalasylum	1	Project Manager
aback	qooxdoo-contrib	0	Developer
aback	qooxdoo	0	Developer
abacuscomputer	osla	1	No specific role
abacuscomputer	oasiswebadmin	1	No specific role
abacuscomputer	monopolo	1	No specific role
abacuscomputer	ajaxgame	1	No specific role
abacuscomputer	conveni	1	No specific role
abacuscomputer	boule	1	No specific role
abad	freepozoin	1	No specific role
abadaar	vjirc	1	No specific role
abadd0n	airjack	1	No specific role
abadger1999	qa-assistant	1	No specific role
abadger1999	libungif	1	No specific role
abadger1999	gttr	1	Developer
abadjiev	swtfox	0	Developer
abadox	sdlmm	0	Developer
abadswitch	bustednode	1	No specific role
abadswitch	clockout	1	Developer
abaechler	alphalogic	1	Project Manager
abaehr	mimes	1	Developer
abafreeicp	freepki	0	Developer
abagar	jilc	1	All-Hands Person
abagaric	svarog	0	Developer
abager	gwaau	1	Developer
abaggarwal	game-standards	0	No specific role
abaghaei	webtea	1	No specific role
abaghan	stretchbreak	1	No specific role
abagherj	cougarsquared	1	No specific role
abagrov	iclient	0	Doc Writer
abaguidev1	abaguibuilder	1	Developer
abaguidev3	abaguibuilder	1	Developer
abaguidev4	abaguibuilder	1	Developer
abah	oo-l10n-my	1	Developer
abajolet	opencare	1	Developer
abakan	zeng	1	Project Manager
abakan	znake	1	No specific role
abakker	cp2pc	1	Project Manager
abakker	p2p-tv	1	Developer
abakker	tribler	1	Developer
abakker	globe	1	Developer
abaknet	zimbra-xtras	0	Developer
abalabanb	wxwidget-aos	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
abalabanb	yamos	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
abalabanb	gplflash	1	All-Hands Person
abalabanb	mailtext	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
abalabanb	contact-manager	0	Developer
abalabanb	muibase	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
abalabanb	openurllib	0	Project Manager
abalakin	pocketmk	1	No specific role
abalakin	mathgl	1	No specific role
abaldoni	xhpcd	1	No specific role
abali	mxt	1	Project Manager
aball	web-ftp	1	No specific role
aball	psc	1	No specific role
aballier	xawdecode	0	Developer
abamfici	scvs	1	No specific role
abanani	stockoffer	1	No specific role
abandoned	multi-cms	1	No specific role
abandoned	bensphpbbcms	1	No specific role
abannack	fatdriveravr	1	No specific role
abanoz	sandik	0	Distributor/Promoter
abansal	loadgenerator	1	No specific role
abansal	xmlsch2cpp	1	No specific role
abarash	spamgourmet	0	Developer
abarea	yada	1	Project Manager
abargnesi	wakeupalarmsys	1	No specific role
abargnesi	secondmind	1	No specific role
abargnesi	servletexecdbg	1	No specific role
abargnesi	aphex	1	No specific role
abargnesi	operator	0	Developer
abargnesi	jcalendarswing	1	No specific role
abarilla	exit66jukebox	1	No specific role
abarilla	phpphrasebook	1	No specific role
abarilla	bvphotoalbum	1	No specific role
abarnes02	openfundraising	1	No specific role
abarreras	openrq	1	No specific role
abarreras	ganttprojectent	1	No specific role
abart76	dazero	1	Developer
abarte	flujos	1	Developer
abarth93	yapso	1	No specific role
abarth93	octave	0	No specific role
abarth93	octaviz	0	Developer
abarthol	funnie	1	Developer
abartlett	processdash	0	Developer
abarun	mosesdecoder	0	No specific role
abarun	thebeast	0	Developer
abashev	nosa	1	No specific role
abasily	e-ark	0	Developer
abaskett	webchess	0	Developer
abassanezi	xhbdocpt	1	Developer
abassanezi	xhgtk	0	No specific role
abassanezi	hrbdbclass	1	Project Manager
abassanezi	hwguiide	0	Developer
abatalion	ipoddernet	1	No specific role
abates	axualize	0	Developer
abathgate	studiotube	1	No specific role
abatishchev	yapi	1	No specific role
abatkin	branscan	0	Developer
abatko	nms-cgi	0	Developer
abaudoux	metanol	1	No specific role
abavarian	mediaportal	0	Developer
abavarian	mp-plugins	0	Developer
abavier	planetlab	0	No specific role
abaw	xminidict	1	Developer
abawakid	isu309planner	1	Developer
abayley	haskell-libs	0	Developer
abbaddon55	invman	1	No specific role
abbageneration	aspnukem	1	No specific role
abbakillen	pricedownfont	1	No specific role
abbas-ali	coppermine	0	Developer
abbasciano	fick	1	Developer
abbasi_4	requisito	1	No specific role
abbaskhan	geo-redirection	1	No specific role
abbasmousavi	tikiwiki	0	Developer
abbat-snelius	pingmon	1	No specific role
abbat-snelius	dkcommander	1	No specific role
abbefaria	fabathome	0	Developer
abbey27	openberg	0	Developer
abbeyj	gradeview	1	No specific role
abbhatta	value	0	Project Manager
abbhatta	devashishb	0	No specific role
abbhatta	mobileiiop	0	Project Manager
abbie_lyons	idatamap	1	Developer
abbish	ops-strawberry	1	No specific role
abbish	phpinstaller	1	No specific role
abbrenner	sshproxy	1	No specific role
abbrenner	autotracker	1	No specific role
abbrenner	amlcartography	1	No specific role
abbsi81	constructmanage	1	Developer
abbyz	xjeez	1	No specific role
abbyz-	cwlr	1	No specific role
abc7	keng	1	Project Manager
abc7	openao	1	No specific role
abcd	uml2ejb	0	No specific role
abcdem	perl-oak	0	Developer
abcdeveloper	algebradb	0	Developer
abcgi	h-world	0	No specific role
abcho	hxp	0	Developer
abcho	open-outcomes	1	Project Manager
abcoates	mtxslt	1	No specific role
abcoates	sut	0	No specific role
abcoates	xmlchar	1	No specific role
abcoates	xmlp	1	Project Manager
abcollier	rgen	1	No specific role
abcollier	pdftools	1	No specific role
abcompany	alms	0	Distributor/Promoter
abcrumley	attribunit	1	No specific role
abcrumley	mvcdotnet	1	Project Manager
abcrumley	netclassroom	1	Project Manager
abcsigns	pso	0	Doc Writer
abcsurya	jyotish	0	No specific role
abcxyz	key-state32	1	No specific role
abc_luosheng	javachinaime	1	No specific role
abdallah1	prayinjamat-com	1	No specific role
abdallahdeeb	q40	1	Support Manager
abdel-sourcefor	ezstore	0	Developer
abdelazer	docbook	0	Developer
abdeldark	themaster	1	No specific role
abdeldark	mastown	1	No specific role
abdelkarim	oma-scts	0	Developer
abdelproduction	odyssey-rpg	1	Developer
abdel_blg	mutdiskspace	0	No specific role
abdennour	ai-standards	0	Developer
abderas	mapnav	0	No specific role
abdesmok	ztk	1	No specific role
abdion	eleccionesdhont	1	Project Manager
abdkanan	tezedit	0	Developer
abdo88	webslang	1	No specific role
abdonpi	itsradio	0	All-Hands Person
abdowney	thinkcspy	1	Project Manager
abdulaziz	oxci	0	No specific role
abdulhafiz	cred	1	No specific role
abdulhaq	arabeyes	0	Developer
abdulhaq	kprayertime	1	Project Manager
abdulj	pavlov	0	Developer
abdullak	femkii	1	Project Manager
abdulrafiq	emc	0	Developer
abdulrahmat	calc4base	1	No specific role
abdulrazaq	powercell	1	No specific role
abdur-rahman	ezwebcoder	1	No specific role
abdymok	abdymok	1	No specific role
abe-y	w3m	0	Developer
abe00makoto	p2p-sim	1	Developer
abeacock	vizant	1	Project Manager
abeaud	modbxxp	1	No specific role
abeautifulmind	uaseasyprovider	1	No specific role
abecerra	ozrb	1	No specific role
abeckedorf	graphics32	1	Developer
abecker	kaon	0	No specific role
abeckers	korogho	1	No specific role
abeckers	myway	1	No specific role
abeckers	midi-coach	1	No specific role
abeckers	aspect4facelets	1	No specific role
abecon	glfold	1	No specific role
abecon	cagl	1	No specific role
abedwards	perspectives	0	Developer
abeelej	antzhill	1	No specific role
abeelej	sysnfo	1	Developer
abefettig	pyblosxom	0	Developer
abefettig	hepserver	1	Project Manager
abegtrup	qcijutils	0	Developer
abehringer	organise-fw	0	Developer
abeilleg	tango-ds	0	No specific role
abekkine	chicomas	1	Developer
abelajohnb	hacksphpbb	1	Project Manager
abelajohnb	phpbugs	1	Project Manager
abelajohnb	webring	1	Project Manager
abelau	neurofuzzy	1	Developer
abelcodemonk	pythoncard	0	Developer
abelcodemonk	xproadmap	1	Developer
abelcodemonk	agiletoolkit	1	Project Manager
abelcorrea	script-ltsp	1	No specific role
abelew	ldapuserutils	1	No specific role
abelew	mailstatspm	0	No specific role
abelew	extrahacks	1	No specific role
abelew	xemacs	0	No specific role
abelhinha	dartra	0	Developer
abelits	fhttpd	1	No specific role
abellajs	ellargo	1	No specific role
abelomo	bsdfw	0	Project Manager
abels	xorengine	1	All-Hands Person
abels	bacula	0	Developer
abelsson	mitc-openbio	1	Developer
abelsson	jabcpp	0	Developer
abelthorne	donj7	1	Developer
abel_camarena	loudrain	1	No specific role
abel_camarena	suiteki	1	No specific role
abenamer	bitchun	0	No specific role
abend	javaailibrary	1	All-Hands Person
abend	borja	1	No specific role
abend	poha	1	No specific role
abeneto	xmlwiki	0	All-Hands Person
abengoam	swinggestures	1	No specific role
abening	lua4j	1	No specific role
abening	osgi	1	No specific role
abenjumea	openpmi	1	Developer
abenkwitz	jstatcom	1	Project Manager
abenkwitz	jmulti	1	Project Manager
abenobashi	clientx	1	No specific role
abensiatris	openwss	1	No specific role
abenstex	latexedit	1	No specific role
abeorn	ares-engine	1	No specific role
abeorn	icegenerator	0	Developer
abeothman	annabot	1	Project Manager
aber	tanda	1	No specific role
aber81	bluedater	0	Developer
aberazag	asteriskprsnc	1	No specific role
aberdeen	communicator	1	No specific role
aberg101	exbb-forum	0	Developer
aberglas	simpleorm	1	Project Manager
abergler	usbindicator	1	No specific role
abergstr	vcs-graphics	1	No specific role
abergstr	x3d	0	No specific role
abergstr	rawkee	1	Developer
abergstr	game-standards	0	No specific role
abergstr	pdbviz	1	Project Manager
aberkes	gcaldaemon	1	No specific role
aberman	aridb	1	No specific role
abernitz	sproducer	1	Developer
aberoham	mysqltool	1	No specific role
aberoham	ccscript	0	Developer
aberrada	vanikoro	0	No specific role
aberrada	insamonitor	1	Developer
aberrant80	sudokusudoku	0	Developer
aberrant80	pcgendocs	0	Developer
aberrant80	pcgen	0	Developer
abertoll	sdlgraph	1	No specific role
abertram	vinyl	1	No specific role
abertron	winpooch	0	Web Designer
aberyst	isee	1	Developer
aberyst	librnn	1	No specific role
abesinger	sdscsyslog	1	Project Manager
abester	eth	0	Developer
abetorius	oocommon	1	Developer
abetz-rouse	web-maestro	1	No specific role
abeusher	libsna	1	No specific role
abev66	lrabbit	1	No specific role
abev66	mwizard	1	No specific role
abevi	tas-editor	1	No specific role
abewhite	serp	1	No specific role
abewhite	tt-bytecode	1	No specific role
abeyabanaki	dda	0	Developer
abeynaike	xoops	0	No specific role
abezz	vicosug	1	No specific role
abezz	auss	1	No specific role
abezz	irate	0	Developer
abe_rodriguez	stubdb	1	No specific role
abe_x	mfcstudies	0	Developer
abf	stepmod	0	Developer
abf	sc4express	1	Project Manager
abfeder	jiprof	0	Developer
abfeder	tivohme	1	Developer
abfinger	gcgreatcode	1	No specific role
abg1979	icalsymbian	1	No specific role
abhaga	bricspe	1	No specific role
abharrison	jstyx	0	Developer
abhas	deepofix	1	Project Manager
abhay7182	slicklinux	0	No specific role
abhay7182	vgames	0	No specific role
abhaydoshi	floranta	0	No specific role
abhaygoel	xbeans	0	No specific role
abhayks	winhome	1	No specific role
abhays	apelon-dts	1	All-Hands Person
abhay_khoje	i18n-for-c	0	Developer
abheeksaha	wlanofdmaai	1	No specific role
abhende	autocar	1	Developer
abhi0704	dalp	0	Developer
abhicc285	ls-l	1	No specific role
abhidarsh	sdm	0	Developer
abhihere	id-validate	0	Developer
abhijai_sood	military-gps	0	Developer
abhijat	ucsi	1	No specific role
abhijeet29	vadmin	1	No specific role
abhijeetmhatre	h-264-codec	1	No specific role
abhijeetmhatre	dc-dreamos	0	Developer
abhijeet_dev	kumo	0	Developer
abhijeet_mody	poooms	0	Developer
abhijithg	dns-ldap	0	Developer
abhijithg	deepofix	0	Developer
abhijitkolas	configurabill	1	No specific role
abhijit_deb	iskcondc	1	No specific role
abhijit_deb	giming	1	No specific role
abhilash_koneri	yafta	0	Developer
abhilash_koneri	logbag	1	No specific role
abhilash_koneri	tagents	0	Developer
abhimanyu_seth	pyipmsg	1	Developer
abhinav	oslmgmt	0	Developer
abhinav21	quickload	1	No specific role
abhinav76	dwarf-2003	1	No specific role
abhinav76	ejdbc	1	No specific role
abhinavsaxena	gamez-unlimited	1	Project Manager
abhinavxrai	viper	1	No specific role
abhinav_kota	truco-o-algo	0	Developer
abhinav_kr	wxedi	0	Developer
abhir	h-264-codec	0	Developer
abhir	concept-dsp	1	Developer
abhisec	consoleos	0	Developer
abhisec	pdfman	1	Project Manager
abhisec	druantia	0	Developer
abhisec	advanceserv	0	Developer
abhisec	kof91	0	Developer
abhisec	mathstudio	0	Developer
abhisec	javadbclient	1	Project Manager
abhisec	paperboy	0	Developer
abhishek	linux-on-dsp	1	All-Hands Person
abhishekarun	myrpg	0	Developer
abhishekg	intportstrut	1	No specific role
abhishekhp	bmarks-portlet	0	No specific role
abhishekhp	bookmarks-mgr	1	Developer
abhishekkar	wbemservices	0	No specific role
abhishekp	vansh	0	Developer
abhishekpandey	ota-calc	1	No specific role
abhishekrayasam	avmeet	1	No specific role
abhisheksrf	co2bessarabov	0	Developer
abhisheksrf	editapage	0	No specific role
abhishek_gupta	gmail-mobile	0	Support Technician
abhishek_n	tmva	0	No specific role
abhishek_twr	peptide	1	No specific role
abhishek_twr	meltdna	1	No specific role
abhishta	patacriticism	0	Developer
abhi_jeet	snackware	0	Developer
abhi_sri	syncshare	1	Project Manager
abhi_sri	ivygis	1	No specific role
abhokani	bodypingpongmrk	1	Support Manager
abhpf	stepmod	0	Developer
abhuu	id-risiko	0	No specific role
abhy	ran	0	Developer
abial	nutch	0	Developer
abial	luke	1	No specific role
abian1984	easyp2p	0	Developer
abiason	curriculos	0	Developer
abiator	jamiga	1	Developer
abibepo	celtic-battles	1	No specific role
abidoo	gambasforge	1	No specific role
abidur	gpsmobile	0	Developer
abienvenu	cwriter	0	Developer
abies	dndxml	1	Project Manager
abies	nwn-j3d	1	No specific role
abietti	stockms	1	No specific role
abifan_05	ipad	0	Tester
abigailbrady	openfx	0	Developer
abigailkomu	wikiyetu	0	All-Hands Person
abiggadike	natblaster	1	Developer
abiggerhammer	bitchun	0	No specific role
abiggerhammer	qbe	1	No specific role
abiggerhammer	klein	1	No specific role
abiggerhammer	libdejector	1	Developer
abild	remoteexplorer	1	No specific role
abills	abills	1	No specific role
abilsing	typo3-joboffers	1	No specific role
abimanyu007	jdx	0	No specific role
abinalio	compusystems	1	No specific role
abindian	interposeserver	1	Project Manager
abindian	biosconfig	0	Developer
abindian	gnuyahoo	1	Project Manager
abindian	gnukiss	1	No specific role
abindian	freeipmi	1	No specific role
abingham	gpsmgr	1	No specific role
abingham	guile-xosd	1	No specific role
abingham	pyxiph	1	Project Manager
abingham	bbg-text	1	No specific role
abingham	apctl	1	No specific role
abingham	alsaplayer	0	Developer
abingham	pitacard	1	Project Manager
abingham1	menu-buddy	1	No specific role
abinnewies	slugtalk	1	No specific role
abirqasem	atan1	1	Developer
abir_sun	mygoom	1	No specific role
abisen	lpos	1	No specific role
abisma	phantarei	1	No specific role
abitar	freezer	1	No specific role
abitar	eqhelper	1	Project Manager
abitkin	php-proxy	1	All-Hands Person
abitkin	solar-empire-2	0	Developer
abitos	ttetris	1	No specific role
abject1	totteur	1	Developer
abj_brain	fage	1	No specific role
abkod	chatrphp	0	No specific role
ablancoc	tntconcept	0	Developer
ablanket	psumrss	1	Content Management
ablankzin	vtc	1	No specific role
ablasberg	domingo	0	Developer
ablazespace	ablazespace	1	Developer
ableasby	emboss	1	No specific role
ableasby	soaplab	0	Developer
ablecode	bzipgui	1	Developer
abless	flick	1	No specific role
ablettr	flickrdesktop	0	Developer
ablettr	mase	0	No specific role
ablinkov	fardotnet	1	No specific role
abliss2	hipgmap	1	No specific role
ablocham	oge59	1	No specific role
ablock84	distcl	1	Developer
abloom	pgmfi	0	Developer
ablunck	meta-tools	0	No specific role
ablyes	nwn-firmware	0	No specific role
ablyler	usertl	1	No specific role
ablyler	cacti	0	Developer
abmann	boson	1	Project Manager
abmann	lug-kr	1	No specific role
abmann	kpoker	1	No specific role
abmccullough	completeclipse	1	No specific role
abmccullough	zclipse	1	All-Hands Person
abmyers	perspectives	1	Developer
abnelson1	teamforge	1	No specific role
abnerf	tapioca-voip	1	Project Manager
abnerf	sipd	0	Project Manager
abnerf	landell	0	Developer
abnerf	gmyth	0	Developer
abnerpc	bplay	1	No specific role
abner_conrado	grouppac	0	Developer
abnormalia	geographics	1	Project Manager
abnuk	javarkanoid	1	No specific role
abo	rproxy	1	Developer
abo	librsync	1	Developer
abo	oedipus	0	Developer
abo	openadsl	1	Unix Admin
abods	xmlwiki	0	Developer
aboensis	sivutie	1	Project Manager
aboensis	sivupolku	1	No specific role
aboensis	pnphpbb2	1	Developer
aboerma	midoffice	0	Developer
aboettcher	mmix-plugin	1	No specific role
abogatov	xanswer	0	No specific role
abohashem	url-911	1	Project Manager
aboisseau	esup-helpdesk	1	Project Manager
aboisseau	esup-phpcas	0	Developer
abokovoy	freendmp	1	Developer
aboleth	knightnet	0	Developer
abom	textbox	1	Developer
abombm1	partyman	1	No specific role
abombm1	yaaa	1	No specific role
abompard	papi	1	Developer
abompard	sharemole	1	No specific role
abon	openpnl	0	Developer
abondi	photonovilab	1	No specific role
abondi	earnovilab	1	Project Manager
abonifa	tclpad	1	All-Hands Person
abonnema	zapping	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
aboovv	vscsihba	1	No specific role
abor	chmservices	1	Web Designer
abor	eschat-dev	1	Developer
aborder	javadc	0	Developer
aborder	pydc	1	Project Manager
aborghgr	rebdocproj	0	Doc Writer
aborr	tls	0	No specific role
abos	vtigercrm	0	Developer
abosca	dose	1	Unix Admin
abosca	ontosphere3d	1	Unix Admin
abossard	netblackjack	1	No specific role
abossard	bossdev-shop	1	No specific role
abossus	medclipse	0	Developer
abot	yafdotnet	0	Developer
abotero	openpbxlogger	1	No specific role
aboucher	gstl	0	Developer
aboucher	sgems	0	Developer
abouis	vassalengine	0	No specific role
abouju	tai	1	No specific role
aboul	aboul	1	No specific role
aboulanger	propjavawrapper	1	Web Designer
aboulham	esyssim	1	Project Manager
aboumouad	siragi	1	Project Manager
aboumouad	sirius	1	Project Manager
aboutthecheese	osxchecker	1	No specific role
abouwens	javasim	0	Developer
aboveda	conversa	1	No specific role
aboy	checkdns	1	No specific role
aboy	qsheff	0	Developer
abpillai	pywiew	1	No specific role
abpillai	dcrawler	1	No specific role
abpillai	evm2003	0	Developer
abpillai	uraga	1	Developer
abplanaj	muquiz	0	Developer
abplanaj	muclub	1	Developer
abr120	htmltutor	0	Tester
abracadaver	autotheme	1	No specific role
abrady	specopstrainer	1	No specific role
abrager	acid	0	Developer
abrahamcc	rpg-web	1	Project Manager
abrahamwolk	sevp	1	No specific role
abrahap	mobilemaps	1	Project Manager
abraig	junitdoclet	0	All-Hands Person
abramdemski	adsproject	0	Developer
abramo	alsa	0	Developer
abrander	pfp	1	No specific role
abrandes	fluxor	0	Developer
abrapin	imperialrealms	0	Graphic/Other Designer
abrarhh	care2002	0	Developer
abrarhh	ecombill	1	Project Manager
abrasif	whitedwarf	1	Project Manager
abrasif	mediapipe	1	Developer
abratell	iclogin	0	Tester
abraun	oxygene-project	1	Project Manager
abraxas79	autobaiter	1	No specific role
abraxasnl	showcase	1	No specific role
abraxis	php-rrdtool	1	No specific role
abrazid1980	tsic	1	Developer
abreck	bibelot	1	No specific role
abrender	oswh	1	No specific role
abrenk	modcfgldap	1	No specific role
abrenk	jibx	0	No specific role
abrenna	networkdoc	1	No specific role
abresk	patchy2006	1	Developer
abreslav	smartlang	1	Project Manager
abreslav	smart	1	No specific role
abreslav	fcdesigner	0	No specific role
abreslav	epicurus	0	No specific role
abretet	weboflife	0	Developer
abretz	ceb	1	No specific role
abretz	opendte	0	Developer
abreumania	scp2006web	1	Developer
abreynolds	gtk-osx	0	Unix Admin
abriggs	pybem	1	Project Manager
abrink	shadownet	0	Tester
abriosi	zjsprint	1	No specific role
abrishambaf	emulinux	0	No specific role
abrisner	hldsinstall	1	No specific role
abrochard	gestatelier	0	Developer
abrock	cricket	0	Developer
abrogaticus	roo	0	Developer
abrojus	ort-conquest	1	Developer
abrongru	map	1	Developer
abrongru	mountyzilla-map	1	Developer
abrotzmann	apokalypse	1	Developer
abruch	dotplot	1	Developer
abrunel	orarelettr	1	No specific role
abrunete	jcconvenant	1	No specific role
abrunete	beontime	1	No specific role
abryanw	jtella	1	Project Manager
abrzeczk	gamera	0	Developer
abs79	ssa2003	0	Developer
absaxena	redmonster	0	Developer
abscess	id3lib	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
absd	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
abseeguiz	exhibitionist	0	Developer
absentwizard	lpuni	0	Developer
abshnasko	jnc	0	No specific role
absinth_kobold	monkeystudio	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
absnape	soundserver	0	Web Designer
absolom	jportmapping	1	No specific role
absolom2006	dyn2html	1	No specific role
absolut250	geotrace	1	All-Hands Person
absolut35	absolut-xtranet	1	No specific role
absolut666	visualmanager	1	No specific role
absolutedestiny	videoeditorskit	1	Project Manager
absolutlush	convergence	0	Developer
absolutn	absolut-library	1	No specific role
absolutn	afames	0	No specific role
absorbb	stdcalc	1	No specific role
absorto	bugzilla-es	0	Developer
abss	sxmled	1	No specific role
abss	squrelayerproxy	1	No specific role
abss	mumsai	1	Project Manager
abss	phpajax	1	No specific role
abstracto	bless	1	No specific role
abstrakt	phpdvd	1	No specific role
abstraktalchemy	alchemycms	1	No specific role
abstruse	tex-bed	1	No specific role
absult	dnnxxl	0	Developer
absurd1	livescreen	1	Project Manager
absurdhero	kreator	0	All-Hands Person
absurdhero	jsense	1	No specific role
absurdhero	goallang	0	Tester
absurdo	web-t-sys	1	No specific role
absynthe	clide	1	No specific role
abszisse	freeturing	1	No specific role
abszisse	qpong	1	Project Manager
abu	cendrawasih	1	No specific role
abu	infinymail	0	No specific role
abu	barong	1	No specific role
abu	komodo	1	No specific role
abu	linuxmp3box	0	No specific role
abu	impwebcal	1	No specific role
abu	dataweb	1	No specific role
abu-ameen	masjid	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
abuanas	smartemplates	0	Developer
abuayyub	mirke	0	Developer
abubacker	simplefaktura	0	Developer
abubadabu	galaxywars	1	No specific role
abudaher	t-o-p	1	Developer
abudhu	smiletag	0	Developer
abudhu	openos	1	Developer
abudiyanto	win-controller	1	No specific role
abuechler	redpoint	1	No specific role
abuhassan	job-placement	0	Developer
abuisine	rbc	1	Project Manager
abuisine	gxf4ffmpeg	1	No specific role
abukosek	irixpkg	1	No specific role
abukosek	kftpgrabber	0	Developer
abulava	torba	1	Developer
abulka	pyidea	1	No specific role
abulka	pyui	0	No specific role
abulufia	phpbiker	1	No specific role
abul_hagag	fraybentos	0	Developer
abumarsa	e-demon-online	1	No specific role
abunai	seqspy	0	Developer
abunwanne	igbo	1	No specific role
abunwanne	zitt	0	No specific role
abuono	confiance	1	Project Manager
abuono	dcon	1	Project Manager
abupon	csvtokenizer	1	No specific role
aburatan	aburatan	1	No specific role
aburke	perlbot	1	No specific role
aburke	ftd	1	No specific role
aburke	net-irc	1	No specific role
aburnett	dirmon	1	No specific role
aburrido1805	codev	0	Developer
aburrido1805	kumo	0	Developer
aburston	qtimc	1	Project Manager
abusalah	netqos	1	No specific role
abuss	ddmirror	1	No specific role
abuster	isp-admin	1	No specific role
abuter	bloys	1	All-Hands Person
abutlwer	wtiq	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
abutlwer	aiakos	0	Editorial/Content Writer
abutrico	lesp	0	Developer
abuzaim	ze-cme	1	No specific role
abuzaim	feedingtime	0	Graphic/Other Designer
abu_banaat	sigmakee	0	No specific role
abw	libmng	0	No specific role
abware	scene-max	1	No specific role
abwesammy	openlp	0	Doc Writer
abxabx	bakefile	0	Developer
abxabx	wxwindows	0	Developer
abx_2112	spaw-cf	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
abyingt	gazetteer	1	Developer
abyss13	abyss13	1	Unix Admin
abyssian_angel	surrealism	1	Project Manager
abys_	pussftpd	1	Project Manager
abythell	x10mp3	1	Project Manager
abyx	magic-tools	0	Developer
aby_	abbey	1	No specific role
aby_	chap	0	Developer
abz	blob	0	Developer
abz	ixbiff	1	No specific role
abz	isptools	1	No specific role
abz	juicy	1	No specific role
abzero	baj	1	Developer
abzero	wconsole	1	All-Hands Person
abzic	mifos	0	Developer
ac-1000	osx-blockgame	1	No specific role
ac0dr	bigsplash	1	Developer
ac0dr	ecldbtool	1	Developer
ac0n	cuecreator	0	Project Manager
ac2	lastso	1	No specific role
ac24	htmlperl	1	No specific role
ac62	green	0	No specific role
aca144	korat	1	Project Manager
aca144	joverflow	1	Project Manager
acab	clamav	0	Developer
acachada	administration	1	Support Manager
acacio	tclhttpd	0	Developer
acacio	tcl	0	Developer
academician	openprop	0	Developer
academictalk	academictalk	1	No specific role
academictalk	interloc	1	No specific role
academika	tencompetence	0	Developer
academos1973	dekalb	0	No specific role
acadian	seriousbusiness	1	Developer
acadien	opendcs	1	No specific role
acadiuslost	alfa-bmf	0	No specific role
acaffrey	opensourcecrm	0	No specific role
acain	jmetric	1	Developer
acaldwel	jexcelapi	0	No specific role
acalipto	rhs7427	1	No specific role
acalpini	isogest	0	Developer
acalpini	perl-win32-gui	1	Project Manager
acalpini	perlce	1	Developer
acalpini	pod2it	0	Developer
acamas	jroomplan	1	No specific role
acampesino	universe	0	Developer
acampi	freeassociation	1	Developer
acandido	spa-erp	1	No specific role
acandido	hwguiide	0	No specific role
acannone	jbi4corba	0	No specific role
acannone	jbi4cics	0	Developer
acanoen	convert3d	1	Project Manager
acanofpropane	factorial	1	No specific role
acanofpropane	themormontrail	1	Project Manager
acanthoplax	iep-ipp	0	Graphic/Other Designer
acanthoplax	summoner	0	Graphic/Other Designer
acaplan	msftread	1	No specific role
acapnotic	twisted	1	Developer
acapnotic	gimp-plug-ins	1	Project Manager
acapnotic	openid	1	Developer
acapnotic	pypi	0	Developer
acapp	webdhcp	1	No specific role
acarasso	xmlpipedb	0	Developer
acarboni	geonetwork	1	Developer
acarboni	druid	1	Project Manager
acarboni	jeeves	1	Project Manager
acarboni	intermap	0	Developer
acardenas	ufoai	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
acardenas	vdrift	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
acardenas	mars	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
acarheden	phpactiverecord	1	No specific role
acarioni	asmeta	0	Developer
acarle	ucwise-tag	1	No specific role
acarle	ppact	1	No specific role
acarlhian	adept	1	Developer
acarlos	jaca	1	Project Manager
acarlos	virtualkeyboard	1	No specific role
acaro	pkgsrc-wip	0	No specific role
acarr0	opencmp	1	Project Manager
acarrasco	dynatalk	1	No specific role
acarrero	sshow	0	Developer
acarrico	scsh	0	Web Designer
acartapanis	modulo	1	Project Manager
acarter	convea	1	Project Manager
acarvallo	dotnetopensrc	0	Developer
acassen	linux-l7sw	1	No specific role
acassen	keepalived	1	No specific role
acastan	rcsman	0	Support Manager
acastellani	redwine	0	No specific role
acastrom	openweboffice	1	No specific role
acastro_igalia	serval	0	Developer
acastro_igalia	fisterra	1	Developer
acau	diee-mad	0	Developer
acaunensis	jauthorize	0	Developer
acc2	ahttpd	1	Developer
acc2	nonet	1	No specific role
accahill	cgsuite	0	No specific role
accek	mmsnfs	1	No specific role
accek	ggrelay	1	No specific role
accek	sfc	1	No specific role
acceltalk	acceldirection	1	No specific role
acceptthis	fteqw	1	Developer
acceptthis	customtf	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
accesine	weblucene	0	Project Manager
access	bpalogin	0	Support Manager
access-space	phporganisation	0	Tester
access2k	roundabout	0	Developer
access9	sharpfrontend	1	No specific role
acciopagliaccio	gfi	1	No specific role
accipiter	zebrareport	1	No specific role
accipiter	dap	1	No specific role
accipiter	comb	1	No specific role
accko	netatalk	0	No specific role
accliptic	mobilog	1	No specific role
accoacco	dorio-plugin	0	Developer
accolades	savecracker	1	No specific role
accolon	wdstools	1	Developer
accopensys	dataparser	1	No specific role
accopensys	sociedadanonima	1	No specific role
accordioner	accedit	0	No specific role
accordionguy	opensrs-php	0	Developer
accordionguy	opencola	1	Developer
accorsi	jobber	1	No specific role
accountex	accountex	1	No specific role
accountex	lcdhype4l	1	All-Hands Person
accsc	p-im	1	Developer
accsc	httputils	1	Developer
accsc	webp2p	1	No specific role
accsc	netsdf	1	No specific role
accsc	ewmail	1	No specific role
accsc	formag4linux	1	No specific role
accsc	dollybase	1	No specific role
accto	allcharities	1	No specific role
accurev	accurev-idea	1	No specific role
accuzide	mbif-viewer	1	No specific role
acdalton	dungeonmaker	1	Developer
acdmdt	bodington	0	All-Hands Person
ace-r-us	muframework	0	Developer
ace07	gens	0	Developer
ace123	hswebjourn	1	No specific role
ace123	deliria	1	Developer
ace123	virtuanet	1	Developer
ace123	vegastrike	1	Developer
ace123	iridescence	1	No specific role
ace123	begin2	1	Developer
ace2go	tri-legends	1	No specific role
ace76	aceserv	1	No specific role
ace83	php-net	1	No specific role
ace95	aortas	0	Developer
aceautomator	misterhouse	0	Developer
aceccarelli	dotweb	0	No specific role
acecoolco	flagrun	0	Developer
acef16pilot	nexgenbb	0	Developer
acegik	mechanicus	1	No specific role
acegik	nattunnel	1	No specific role
acegik	labyrinthgame	1	No specific role
acegik	alpha-better	1	Developer
acegik	battlecheckers	1	Developer
acehart	massiveengine	1	No specific role
aceindy2	kobold-py	1	No specific role
aceizace	bugrdspace	0	Developer
acejones	libofx	0	No specific role
acejones	kionjb	1	Developer
acejones	kmymoney2	0	Developer
acejones	shelfwire	1	No specific role
acejr	aceyget	1	No specific role
aceler	parser-blade	1	No specific role
aceler	statscript	1	No specific role
acelet	acelet-alog	1	No specific role
acelet	limpidlog	1	No specific role
acelet	global-environm	1	No specific role
acelie	voxix	1	No specific role
aceman_2000	vsml	1	No specific role
aceman_2000	libvsml	1	No specific role
acemccloudxx	edie	1	No specific role
acemi	sorkent	1	No specific role
aceninja	tvbb	1	No specific role
acentermedia	icon-keeper	1	No specific role
aceofspades1217	attendance	1	Unix Admin
aceofspades1217	lsl	1	Project Manager
aceofspades1217	openeducate	1	Unix Admin
aceol	imex	1	Project Manager
aceol	swisswatch	0	Project Manager
aceol	psidev	1	Developer
aceol	intact	0	Developer
aceponkus	juddi	0	Developer
acerberus	tei	0	Developer
acerberus	acwiki	1	No specific role
acerbiter	phpnapalm	0	Developer
acerion	cdw	1	Developer
aceroni75	glycaneditor	1	No specific role
acersource	dream-editor	1	No specific role
acersource	dream-down	1	No specific role
acer_vincent	jshop	0	Developer
aceserver	aceserver	1	No specific role
acestus	vimdoc	0	No specific role
acestus	vimonline	0	Web Designer
acestus	vim	0	Web Designer
acetamide	popped	1	No specific role
acetamide	leetread	1	No specific role
acetamide	zinedit	1	No specific role
acetate45	as2documentor	0	Developer
acetate45	asp-cms	0	Developer
acetheface	webkam	1	No specific role
acetheface	radioportal	1	No specific role
acetoneiso-team	acetoneiso	1	No specific role
acetyle	chouprod	1	Project Manager
acezzz	digitech	0	Developer
ace_mtp	tikiwiki	0	Developer
ace_rimmer	text-forge	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
ace_rimmer	progear	0	Developer
acfb	fig2sxd	1	Developer
acfr	orca-robotics	0	All-Hands Person
acfrancis	junebug	1	No specific role
acfuller	morcell	1	No specific role
acg6764	jspreadsheet	1	No specific role
acg6764	estivate	1	Developer
acg6764	ccsentry	1	No specific role
acgnacgn	vizant	0	Developer
ach	digikam	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
ach2006	phpscheduleit	0	Developer
achacha	freecgi	1	No specific role
achaiah777	colgui	1	Developer
achaldhir	dhcp-dns-server	1	No specific role
achaldhir	tftp-server	1	No specific role
achalmeena	pmanage	1	No specific role
achalprabhakar	sqr2xml	1	Developer
achalupka	toutatis	0	Developer
achant	nsearch	1	No specific role
achantre	coopn	0	Developer
achapin	concerto	0	Web Designer
achapin	segue	0	Project Manager
achapin	harmoni	0	All-Hands Person
acharbon	libtirpc	1	Developer
acharis	gallium31	1	No specific role
achatell	vitiligo	1	No specific role
achates	aeneas	1	Developer
achates	landingham	1	No specific role
achaykin	awpipl	1	No specific role
achaz	eqdkp-plus	0	Developer
ache	webmagick	0	Developer
achea	usb8x	0	Graphic/Other Designer
acheca	lportal	0	Developer
achelian	csoftutils	1	No specific role
achellini	watlab	0	No specific role
achemze	darkstar-rewind	1	No specific role
achemze	gfmpg	1	No specific role
achemze	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
achenar	acudos	1	No specific role
achendrix	collective	0	Developer
acher	xbox-linux	0	Developer
acher	qce-ga	0	Developer
acherif	luc	1	No specific role
achernish	ecampus	0	Developer
achester	ocsts	1	All-Hands Person
achetroi	openca	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
acheusov	dict	1	Developer
achew22	rssatellite	1	Developer
acheyne	cheyneopool	1	Project Manager
acheyne	kensington	1	Developer
achieverain	litebbs	1	No specific role
achieverain	fuwz	1	No specific role
achileos	ircstatsbot	1	No specific role
achilles42	msocksd	1	No specific role
achillesgt	bbcdnascripts	1	Developer
achilless	x-rally	1	Project Manager
achilles_	collective	0	Developer
achilles_	plone	0	Developer
achilleus	marrowmoon	0	No specific role
achilleusrage	otacon	0	No specific role
achim11	navanax	0	No specific role
achim66	mlipod	1	Developer
achimdahlhoff	bridgecon	0	Developer
achimgaedke	gato	0	Developer
achimgaedke	eexercise	1	No specific role
achimgaedke	pygsl	1	No specific role
achimgaedke	xmlio	1	Project Manager
achimgaedke	ghmm	0	Developer
achimgrolms	perlgssapi	1	Developer
achimwackerow	ddi-alliance	0	Developer
achimwessling	amaly	1	Developer
achimwestermann	jchart2d	1	Developer
achimwestermann	jbuzzer	1	No specific role
achimwestermann	cpdetector	1	No specific role
achint	tsg	1	No specific role
achirica	apanel	0	No specific role
achirica	airo-linux	0	Developer
achitnis	lb2002	1	Project Manager
achituv	pandoras-jar	1	No specific role
achorrath	lilycore	0	Developer
achost	mssv	1	No specific role
achou	pdf-php	0	Developer
achriste	ganttpv	0	Developer
achterin	ef-reloaded	1	No specific role
achucarro	t-o-p	1	No specific role
achumakov	mantisbt	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
achurd	zeel	1	No specific role
achven	cnchess	1	Developer
achven	sr4tools	0	Developer
achyl	ddljen	1	Project Manager
achyut	dalp	1	Project Manager
achyuta	firestormos	0	Developer
achyuthkrishna	sharptella	0	Developer
aciancone	pigeonair	1	Developer
aciancone	amas	1	Developer
acid-breeze	ybcms	1	No specific role
acid0908	jogi	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
acid1789	everspy	1	Developer
acid2	fraction	1	No specific role
acid242	uberaudio	1	No specific role
acid242	dcdelphi	0	Developer
acid2k5	toople	0	No specific role
acida	nsn	0	No specific role
acidbase	umit	0	Developer
acidbase	pymaemo	1	Project Manager
acidblood	circus	1	Developer
acidborg	cctools	0	Developer
acidborg	easyp2p	1	Developer
acidbug	wwwskelbimai	0	Developer
acidburnsf	devote	1	No specific role
acidcats	asapframework	1	No specific role
acidco	acidview6-win32	1	Project Manager
acidcrawl	windows-get	0	Developer
acidcrawl	irsaudit	1	Project Manager
aciddan	mars-sim	0	Developer
aciddeath	pexpect	0	No specific role
aciddeath	tcdb	0	Developer
acidfilez	soop	1	No specific role
acidflow	rsihs	1	No specific role
acidgame	opentibia	0	Developer
acidgame	mirce	1	No specific role
acidgames	acidgames	1	No specific role
acidh	concordia	0	Developer
acidhorse	axscheck	1	No specific role
acidic32	acidic32	1	No specific role
acidity	xbox-linux	0	Developer
acidity	videodb	0	Developer
acidl	rpg-system	1	Developer
acidoangel	multi3dchess	1	No specific role
acidos	pfpro	1	Project Manager
acidos	jxml2sql	1	No specific role
acidos	jvvs	1	No specific role
acidos	krio	1	No specific role
acidphish	acidmon	1	No specific role
acidphish	phpmywedding	1	No specific role
acidq	orius	1	Project Manager
acidsoul	kolmelion	0	No specific role
acidsphinx	nplane	1	No specific role
acidtag	milkdrop	1	Developer
acidtoken	trollbot	1	Developer
acidtoken	doobiebot	1	No specific role
acidtonic	lanchat	1	Developer
acidtonic	wardrive	1	No specific role
acidtonic	goallang	0	Web Designer
acidtripp	nextra	1	No specific role
acidumirae	smbdaudit	1	No specific role
acidumirae	jspvote	1	No specific role
acidus	stripesnoop	1	No specific role
acidus	phasmatis	1	No specific role
acidus	txt2iriv	1	No specific role
acidweb	portage-r	0	Developer
acid_bless	tyros2	1	No specific role
acid_bless	tyros	0	No specific role
acid_cool	carbonframework	0	Developer
acid_cool	dcpro	0	Developer
acid_engine	mars-wws	1	No specific role
acid_head	allegimmicks	1	No specific role
acid_jack	poedit	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
acid_kewpie	acidrip	1	Project Manager
acid_kewpie	acidbox	1	No specific role
acid_kewpie	lsdvd	1	No specific role
acieke	qnetphpbot	0	Developer
aciel	gravitysim	1	Developer
acieroid	ultim-strategy	0	Web Designer
acieroid	webftp-ajax	1	No specific role
acinom	gstereo	1	All-Hands Person
acinom	vortexlibrary	1	No specific role
acinom	aspl-fact	1	Developer
acinom	stripes-barcode	1	No specific role
aciobanu	stalfo	1	No specific role
acipsen	spaceranger	1	Developer
acipsen	apterm	1	Developer
aciric	myformgen	1	No specific role
acirillo	athens	1	No specific role
acitizenofearth	subliminal	1	No specific role
aci_	openlca	1	No specific role
acj1971	aspformmail	1	No specific role
acjacinto	geepeeyes	1	Developer
acjf3	hol	0	Developer
ackahn	gnotepad	1	No specific role
ackahn	gnome-find	1	No specific role
ackahn	vim	0	No specific role
ackbar	tabdock	1	No specific role
ackbarr	xoops	0	Developer
ackerman	wpi-gdc	0	Developer
ackerman81	purgos	1	No specific role
acki	xlife	1	No specific role
acki2	mplayer	0	Developer
ackixy	sfp	1	Project Manager
acklen	saxogram	1	No specific role
acklen	moop	0	Developer
acklen	mobile-mail	1	Developer
acklen	vim	0	No specific role
acklenx	formvalid	1	Developer
ackmed	glftpd2	0	Developer
acknoblauch	jiuston	0	Tester
acko_matej	isportal05	0	Developer
ackypi	gridrover	1	Developer
acl4551	xfr	0	No specific role
acl4551	formps	0	Distributor/Promoter
aclaramuntj	yatikiri	0	Developer
aclark	crk	1	No specific role
aclark	sketchel	1	No specific role
aclarksf	winsmon	1	Project Manager
aclavaud_ilem	astree	1	Project Manager
aclavaud_ilem	compiere	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
aclavaud_ilem	ulogger	1	Project Manager
acldrwd	pigeon	1	Developer
aclelland	podme	1	No specific role
aclelland	memominder	1	No specific role
aclemens	asapframework	1	Developer
aclemens	twikiplugins	0	Developer
aclemens	twiki	0	Developer
acleon	openlea	1	No specific role
acli	koha	0	Developer
aclong	quill	1	No specific role
aclong	chameleon-roles	1	No specific role
aclong	javaidmef	0	Developer
aclopez	qno	1	No specific role
aclute	jboss	0	Developer
aclysma	pain	0	Developer
aclysma	erymyth	1	No specific role
acm	linuxchix-faqs	0	No specific role
acm3	pn-modules	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
acm3	postnukedevpack	1	Developer
acm3035	collective	0	Developer
acm3035	backtalk	0	Developer
acmacm	cc-mode	1	Project Manager
acmarta	icme	0	No specific role
acme	graphviz-perl	1	No specific role
acme	gravel	1	Developer
acme	classfile-perl	1	No specific role
acme	acmemail	1	No specific role
acme	aspect-perl	1	Developer
acme	vcs	1	No specific role
acme	shiny	1	No specific role
acme	scribot	1	No specific role
acme	peapod	1	No specific role
acme	parseperl	0	Developer
acmemtv	capache	1	No specific role
acmesucks	gongli	1	All-Hands Person
acmewar	noaaman	0	Developer
acmihal	enblend	1	Project Manager
acmonkey	pnencompass	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
acmx	acmx	1	Developer
acneto	jim2mov	1	No specific role
acogo	siouxsie	1	No specific role
acolflesh	openit	1	Developer
acoliver2	superxmailer	1	No specific role
acoliver2	barcode4j	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
acoliver2	brightd	1	No specific role
acoliver2	jboss	0	Developer
acoliver2	metamorphosis	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
acoliver2	poi	1	All-Hands Person
acolomb	audiorg	1	No specific role
acolomba	swerve	1	No specific role
acolomba	siscweb	1	No specific role
acolomba	sisc	0	No specific role
acolpa	aaf	0	No specific role
acolubri	protlib	1	No specific role
acolubri	oops-pl	1	No specific role
acolubri	moldeo	1	Developer
acolyte289	werewolf	0	Developer
acolytec	openqrm	0	Developer
acolytee	openglgui	1	No specific role
acombe	eclipseas	1	No specific role
acomjean	simput	1	No specific role
acompw	ez-tester	1	No specific role
aconbere	open-audit	0	Developer
acondit	emc	0	Developer
aconnell	custompropdbex	1	No specific role
aconnell	mcmsutilities	1	No specific role
aconnell	clouseau	1	Project Manager
aconnell	smrtplaceholder	1	No specific role
aconnell	subtext	0	Developer
aconstant	makina	1	Project Manager
acooks	netwolf	1	No specific role
acooks	pretlug	1	No specific role
acoolie	ssdpdc-news	1	No specific role
acoopersmith	stsf	1	Developer
acoopersmith	xprint	0	Developer
acope	imapbyproxy	1	No specific role
acorbi	arboratrix	1	Developer
acorbi	apertium	0	Developer
acorcutt	flash3dengine	0	Developer
acordero	utpackages	1	Project Manager
acorn5000	webbh	1	No specific role
acornejo1	xsendevt	1	No specific role
acornejo1	cdllib	1	No specific role
acornel1	gnuada	0	Developer
acornett	e-sim	1	Project Manager
acornicq	acornicq	1	No specific role
acornworld	total-isp	0	No specific role
acoronasz	jgrinder	0	Project Manager
acorugedo	corublkmods	1	No specific role
acosonic	cfmanual	1	No specific role
acostao1019	iconwebconfrnce	1	No specific role
acostao1019	gotin-edit	1	No specific role
acostao1019	testsoft	1	Developer
acostao1019	webmycal	0	Developer
acoster	slinkircd	1	Developer
acotte	mille-colibris	1	Project Manager
acouchot	lipe	1	No specific role
acoulson	lamecom	1	No specific role
acoulson	akripcom	1	No specific role
acoupland	phpadsnew	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
acoupland	phppgads	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
acousma	gnutface	1	No specific role
acoustical	hpc-middleware	0	No specific role
acoustice	pgtool	0	Developer
acoustice	insonniachat	0	Developer
acousticjames	bootlegmanager	1	No specific role
acousticjames	liveshow	1	No specific role
acousticspace	acousticspace	1	No specific role
acowley	rociproject	1	All-Hands Person
acozz	qplugins	0	Developer
acpjr	mickern	1	Developer
acpleat	jfo	1	All-Hands Person
acpr483	vbpackcompile	0	Developer
acptsys	acptsys	1	No specific role
acqant	qparser	1	Project Manager
acr181	geovistastudio	0	Developer
acr31	jekyllc	1	Developer
acracia	al-jwarizmi	1	No specific role
acracia	blogmail	1	Developer
acraciun	bcuml	1	No specific role
acraig	planeshift	1	Project Manager
acraig	crystal	0	Developer
acraig	cel	0	Developer
acraig	gdngine	1	Developer
acraig78	smrsgroup	0	No specific role
acramon1	aces	1	Project Manager
acramon1	zhdict	1	No specific role
acraphae	spamato	0	No specific role
acraphae	jlint	1	Developer
acraphae	hlv	1	No specific role
acras	cdf	0	Developer
acrea	httptester	0	No specific role
acreed4	ece4006grp1	1	Developer
acreid	xenonbbs	0	No specific role
acreid	borg-asm	1	No specific role
acrepet	siouxsie	1	Developer
acrespo	ocera	0	Project Manager
acrews	ceps	1	Developer
acribis	sgh-e760	1	No specific role
acris	semiofon	1	No specific role
acris	setfon	1	No specific role
acris	criaexperimento	1	No specific role
acris	silweb	1	No specific role
acris	ekaaty	0	Tester
acris	fonotranscritor	1	Developer
acris	textolivre	1	No specific role
acris	livrinho	1	No specific role
acris	linhadotexto	1	No specific role
acristea	adaptmot	1	Developer
acristi	sidp	1	No specific role
acro	gamecontrol	1	No specific role
acrodrig	rssp	1	No specific role
acroitor	autopatch	0	Developer
acrollet	rnews	1	No specific role
acronymous	utcount	1	No specific role
acrossland	onboardc	0	Developer
acrossman	komi	1	No specific role
acroteria	opensmtp-net	1	Developer
acrsoft	opendarkspace	0	Developer
acrsoft	acr-gui	1	No specific role
acruikshank	soapanywhere	0	Developer
acrum	mampa	1	Project Manager
acs	xemacs	1	No specific role
acs	zsh	0	No specific role
acsacs	uml4j	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
acsehi	winpo	1	No specific role
acsirmaz	wtrack	1	No specific role
acsissman	singapore	0	Developer
acslux	linuxhard	1	Project Manager
acsoftware	jvcl	0	Doc Writer
acspike	inkscape	0	Developer
acspike	lib2geom	0	No specific role
acs_pk	masterserver	1	No specific role
actan	mobilevideoip	1	Project Manager
actiecon	utplsql	0	Developer
actioncem	funkyforms	1	No specific role
actionfusion	actionfusion	1	No specific role
actiongamer1	okonverter	1	No specific role
actionsports	quadventure	0	Web Designer
actionx	irce	1	No specific role
activ	activ	1	No specific role
activa	activa	1	Project Manager
activa-team	activa	0	Developer
active	unixware	0	Doc Writer
active	teknux	1	Developer
active8my_code	erianpath	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
activealex	rapidgame	0	No specific role
activebliss	activebliss	1	No specific role
activebpel	activebpel	1	No specific role
activegrid	activegrid	1	All-Hands Person
activejdotorg	activejob	1	No specific role
activeleo	jsmartdepend	1	Project Manager
activesilence	spinner	1	No specific role
activesphere	mycsharp	1	No specific role
activesphere	phpas	1	Project Manager
activeui	activeui	1	No specific role
activevolcano	apecueknife	1	No specific role
activey	duke-bot	1	No specific role
activey	jlatex	1	No specific role
activey	jimf	1	No specific role
acti_solutions	activscm	1	No specific role
actmodern	dhcp-agent	1	Developer
actomedias	achaeacure	0	Developer
actomik	ossdirdev	0	No specific role
actown	phpimchat	1	No specific role
actown	simoi	1	No specific role
actron	algodat	1	Project Manager
actsofcreation	pexpect	0	Developer
act_fan	keywordsgen	0	Developer
act_lsc	dexlib	0	Developer
acuari	spaceconquest	1	No specific role
acub	acubbill	1	Developer
acub	flex-stb-tv	1	No specific role
acub	flex-stb-video	1	No specific role
acubens	wp-pandorafeeds	1	No specific role
acucena	unk	0	Developer
acue_sf1	zamklibant	1	No specific role
acuix	owx	1	Project Manager
aculajo	mutfw	1	No specific role
aculei	jetvl	1	Project Manager
acumind	dsde	1	No specific role
acupofjava	logesco	1	No specific role
acurax	debian-auto	1	No specific role
acutewang	smartkit	1	Project Manager
acutright	juddi	0	Developer
acwest	libyahoo2	0	Developer
acwonders	lace	0	All-Hands Person
acxrus	acserver	0	No specific role
acxrus	uuoe	1	Developer
acxsf	gumtree	0	Developer
acydburn	phpbb	1	Developer
acydburn	acydmods	1	No specific role
acyddrop	nstats	1	No specific role
acyment	rail	0	Developer
acyment	setpoint	1	No specific role
aczachary	xass	0	Web Designer
ad-rocha	junitreq	1	No specific role
ad-rocha	intellime	1	Project Manager
ad1024	arscel	1	Developer
ad331	pcvm	1	No specific role
ad5gb	atlc	0	No specific role
ada-pkgsrc	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
ada1016	yahooclicker	1	No specific role
ada4me	wordpressce	0	Doc Writer
adabas	mphp3	1	No specific role
adace	reasonpy	1	No specific role
adace	distribulator	1	Project Manager
adacero	hidrosig	0	Developer
adado	kimas	0	Developer
adael	energybolt	1	No specific role
adafolk	mamut	0	Developer
adafolk	athletica	0	Developer
adagio	weborganism	1	No specific role
adaguann	jazzerp	0	No specific role
adah	mingw	0	Tester
adah	nvwa	1	No specific role
adah	bookbot	0	Developer
adah	ezytools	0	Developer
adai	lgl	1	Project Manager
adailee	drcom-client	0	Doc Writer
adailee	sopl	1	No specific role
adailtulima	webapsee	1	Project Manager
adakar	avsp2p	0	Developer
adakar	sgrabber	1	No specific role
adakar	dgcshell	0	Developer
adakopke	avisa	1	No specific role
adalbertbiadatz	mozpets	0	Developer
adalex	rxphp	1	No specific role
adalpe	vrpg	1	No specific role
adam	imprints	1	No specific role
adam---	tacoma-editor	1	No specific role
adam---	tkinterevent	1	No specific role
adam-ant	greatcow	1	Developer
adam-hotz	dmine	1	No specific role
adam-s	netfuel	1	Developer
adam410	tempophp	1	No specific role
adam411	girders	1	Developer
adam429	luameta	1	No specific role
adama	vexi	0	No specific role
adamadamant	dev2d	1	No specific role
adamani	presumo	0	Developer
adamansky	xdoclet	0	No specific role
adamant_2001	fakedreality	0	Web Designer
adamastor	indexer	1	Project Manager
adamastor	adamastor	1	No specific role
adamax	mew	1	No specific role
adamb06	repositorybeans	1	No specific role
adambarclay	destination32	1	Project Manager
adambender	mirage-wiki	1	Developer
adamboduch2000	pyxmi	1	Developer
adambot	ssh4win	1	No specific role
adambrooks	xscaleiop	1	Project Manager
adambull	wordpod	1	No specific role
adambutler	unityca	1	Project Manager
adamcain	nrappkit	1	All-Hands Person
adamcain	ssldump	0	Developer
adamcath	dbol	0	No specific role
adamcbuckley	doors	1	No specific role
adamcgross	sforce	1	Developer
adamcgross	sforce-app-dl	1	No specific role
adamch	relwiki	1	No specific role
adamch	proofos	1	No specific role
adamch	hcoop	1	No specific role
adamch	ltamer	1	No specific role
adamch	laconic	1	No specific role
adamch	codeapplet	1	No specific role
adamch	smlweb	1	No specific role
adamcharnock	wtoolkit	1	No specific role
adamcoates	phoenixosfs	1	Developer
adamcrosby	ldj	1	All-Hands Person
adamcrossland	classlookupgde	1	No specific role
adamcrume	bayesrss	1	No specific role
adamculp	uwsnewsadmin	1	No specific role
adamculp	phpvisitortrack	1	No specific role
adamczewski	xdaq	0	Developer
adamdabr	netcraft	0	Developer
adamdcohen	odbc-fs	1	No specific role
adamdickmeiss	jzjkit	1	All-Hands Person
adamdmartin	a4e5	1	All-Hands Person
adamdmcbride	ride-gaming	1	No specific role
adamdoyle	dynbookmarks	0	Developer
adamduffy	freejavasms	1	No specific role
adamdunkels	contiki	1	Developer
adamdunkels	ubasic	1	No specific role
adamdunkels	uip-stack	1	No specific role
adamduracz	spreadsmart	1	No specific role
adamdz	squadd	1	No specific role
adameczekm	pascal2delphi	1	Developer
adamel	srtp	0	No specific role
adamel	ggi	0	No specific role
adamelech	baratillo	0	No specific role
adament	spaceranger	0	Developer
adament	fvm	0	Developer
adameq	foafrealm	1	Developer
adameq	hypercup	1	No specific role
adameq	jeromedl	0	Developer
adameq	jonto	1	Developer
adameq	marcont	1	Developer
adameq	s3b	1	Project Manager
adameq	rbd-ddb	1	No specific role
adamfourney	pgg	1	No specific role
adamfranco	segue	1	Project Manager
adamfranco	harmoni	1	Developer
adamfranco	waterwidgets	1	No specific role
adamfranco	concerto	1	Developer
adamfunk	gate	0	Developer
adamgent	distpro	1	Developer
adamgliea	kuteedit	1	Project Manager
adamgoossens	sqliteadmin	1	No specific role
adamgradzki	acadehelp	1	No specific role
adamgradzki	pirx	1	Project Manager
adamguilmet	py6502	1	No specific role
adamguyot	ntt	1	No specific role
adamgyenge	jgarden	1	Developer
adamhall	thewebsuite	1	Developer
adamhall	httpagent	1	No specific role
adamhill	punt	0	No specific role
adamhill	nasa-exp	0	Developer
adamhill	wwmodules	1	No specific role
adamhlavatovic	vthumb	1	No specific role
adamhonen	swimtracker	1	No specific role
adamhull	axisgroupware	1	Project Manager
adamhunger	mysqlnet	0	Developer
adamiak	unicommander	1	All-Hands Person
adamiak	dftps	0	Developer
adamian	eclipseim	1	No specific role
adamico	simtaxi	0	Developer
adaminfice	lpuni	1	Project Manager
adaminfice	ante	0	Developer
adamiser	adium	1	Project Manager
adamiser	growl	0	Developer
adamiw	aexdev	0	Developer
adamiw	cfidev	1	Developer
adamized01	antzureus	0	No specific role
adamized01	hornetp2p	1	No specific role
adamized01	shareazalinux	0	Developer
adamjansen	mymusic	1	No specific role
adamjohnso	ills	1	Unix Admin
adamjohnso	apcre	1	No specific role
adamjone	alphaledjavasdk	1	No specific role
adamjone	sirius2im	1	No specific role
adamjone	jsetimon	1	Developer
adamjuhasz	reactionsystem	1	No specific role
adamk	r300	0	Developer
adamkangas	gsk	0	No specific role
adamkarppinen	handwritten	0	Developer
adamkauffman	drjava	0	Developer
adamkaye	njuke	1	Developer
adamkennedy	cvsmonitor	1	No specific role
adamkennedy	camelpack	0	Developer
adamkennedy	flooterbuck	0	No specific role
adamkennedy	infobot	0	No specific role
adamkennedy	wxperl	0	Developer
adamkennedy	parseperl	1	No specific role
adamkennedy	openopenoffice	1	No specific role
adamkennedy	proton-ce	0	Developer
adamkennedy	poe	0	Developer
adamkg	wxdevide	0	No specific role
adamkg	utopiabb	0	Developer
adamlaurie	bluez	0	Developer
adamlindsay	oo2contml	1	No specific role
adamlindsay	pure-data	1	Developer
adamloni	moviecollection	1	No specific role
adamluk	g3l	1	Developer
adamluk	xi09	1	No specific role
adamm	av3d	1	All-Hands Person
adammaras	xifl	1	No specific role
adammelancon	fossile-project	0	Graphic/Other Designer
adammil	gamelib-net	1	All-Hands Person
adammil	gamelib	1	Developer
adammil	dynscript-net	1	No specific role
adammil	netlisp-script	1	No specific role
adammil	boa-script	1	No specific role
adammil2000	tigermud	1	No specific role
adammoore	yui	1	Developer
adammurdoch	ant-contrib	0	Developer
adammurdoch	hloader	0	Developer
adammurdoch	joodi	0	Developer
adammwhite	rl-glue	1	Developer
adamneilson	sosume	1	No specific role
adamnet2	phpftpadmin	1	No specific role
adamp	opencyrus	1	No specific role
adampaynter	lucene-ws	0	Developer
adampetcher	taskinfoman	1	No specific role
adampetcher	promptcourier	1	No specific role
adampetcher	pigskin	1	No specific role
adampetrone	scarred-steel	0	Graphic/Other Designer
adampetrus	adamsiptv	1	No specific role
adamq	benthic	1	No specific role
adamr78	moms	1	No specific role
adamre	thinwire	0	Support Manager
adamreeve	karmalib	0	Developer
adamroach	sippy	0	Developer
adamrose	systemc	0	Requirements Engineering
adamrt	marsyas	0	No specific role
adamsampson	jack-rack	1	All-Hands Person
adamselene	maven-erlang	1	Project Manager
adamselene	sanctuaire	1	Project Manager
adamsims	openbooking	0	No specific role
adamsjd	dewnew-phplinks	0	Developer
adamsjd	mmplayer	1	Project Manager
adamskogman	ldaptemplate	0	Developer
adamskogman	ivyplugins	0	Developer
adamskogman	ddsteps	1	Project Manager
adamskogman	synon2hbm	0	No specific role
adamsmj	yawl	0	Developer
adamsost	openinvestor	0	Developer
adamspiers	zsh	1	No specific role
adamspiers	perlunit	1	Developer
adamspitz	self	1	No specific role
adamswe	webenftpd	0	Tester
adamtao	ackaboo	1	No specific role
adamtheawesome	x2y	1	No specific role
adamtow	readittome	1	Developer
adamtpaw	moodle	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
adamtrpkos	lamaprog	0	Developer
adamturk	spamicide	1	No specific role
adamus	ein	0	No specific role
adamvan	ntoolbox	0	Developer
adamvan	nunitforms	0	Developer
adamvoigt	vespasian	1	No specific role
adamvoigt	praetor	1	No specific role
adamvoigt	phpmsadmin	1	Developer
adamw13	dean	0	No specific role
adamweeden	marconiradio	1	No specific role
adamwood	otas	0	No specific role
adamwozniak	gsxprog	0	Developer
adamx40	usite	1	All-Hands Person
adamzey	newbasic	1	All-Hands Person
adamzl	cohdemomaker	1	No specific role
adamzrk	sisw2006	1	Developer
adam_b	eoc	1	No specific role
adam_baum	pn-modules	0	Developer
adam_boas	springlayout	1	Developer
adam_boas	itrack	1	Developer
adam_bullock	rangerbak	1	No specific role
adam_burke	flashcard-scrsv	1	No specific role
adam_d	dirac	0	Developer
adam_d	mixxx	1	Project Manager
adam_dangelo	contactimporter	0	No specific role
adam_hu	gs-com-api	1	No specific role
adam_j_bradley	vncsessmgr	0	No specific role
adam_j_sporka	buddyspace	0	Developer
adam_keynes	ecoknowmics	1	No specific role
adam_kiezun	jpaul	0	Developer
adam_lein	playerstage	0	Developer
adam_lein	zoology	1	Developer
adam_liyi	posixtest	0	Developer
adam_lock	losthaven	1	No specific role
adam_mccullough	camtrack	1	No specific role
adam_mcmaster	cowsuite	1	No specific role
adam_mcmaster	linpiper	1	Project Manager
adam_miller	turbogps	1	No specific role
adam_moore	whurle	1	All-Hands Person
adam_moore	ssips	1	No specific role
adam_m_l	rabuchan	1	No specific role
adam_oa	debiancell	0	Developer
adam_powers	humbde	1	No specific role
adam_richter	gatos	0	Developer
adam_richter	monte	1	No specific role
adam_rotaru	simsimsim	1	No specific role
adam_s	rubysh	1	No specific role
adam_schwabe	jtorrentlib	0	Developer
adam_strickland	nsqlunit	1	No specific role
adam_thomas	ubuntu-laptop	1	No specific role
adam_thompson	iproject	1	Project Manager
adam_weishaupt	cmsframe	1	No specific role
adancygier	krang	1	Developer
adaniel_5	phulcrum	1	Developer
adaniel_5	c4as	1	No specific role
adanklefsen	delta3d	0	Developer
adao2001	jesbaby	1	Developer
adaplas	linux-fbdev	0	Developer
adaplas	i810fb	1	Project Manager
adapperfellow	qtai	0	Developer
adapt	gphoto	0	Developer
adaptive-gui	adaptive-gui	1	No specific role
adaptiveplan	adaptiveplan	1	No specific role
adarcilla	tsaphan	0	No specific role
adarkling	phpwsbb	0	Developer
adarkling	phpwsplugins	0	No specific role
adarkling	phpwebsite-comm	0	Developer
adarmold	xmsf	0	No specific role
adarovsky	persistence	1	No specific role
adarovsky	fsme	1	Developer
adarsh83	eclipse-jutils	1	No specific role
adarsh83	hardcoder	1	Developer
adarsh_r_bhat	sharptella	1	No specific role
adarsh_r_bhat	javastrip	1	No specific role
adar_	p-ice	1	No specific role
adas-adasko	java-anthill	1	No specific role
adasilva	gridex	1	No specific role
adastra	fuzz	0	No specific role
adastracaptain	rsev-swdev	0	Developer
adath333	glasspeace	1	No specific role
adatm	boxphreak	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
adatta	nasa-exp	0	No specific role
adaulfo	website2cd	1	No specific role
adavid	jassistant	1	No specific role
adavidso	mpvtools	1	Developer
adavies42	marathon	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
adavis232002	shopping-list	1	No specific role
adb014	octave	1	Project Manager
adb2001	ldapcontacts	1	No specific role
adb2001	mlqueue	1	No specific role
adb2001	hidewindows	1	No specific role
adb2001	uxlib	1	No specific role
adb47	qwl	1	Developer
adbillet	interligo	1	Project Manager
adbingham	espeakf	1	Developer
adbit	mccore	1	Project Manager
adbit	xmlcpg	1	Project Manager
adbo	symdebug	0	Developer
adbrowne	topdrawer	1	Developer
adbrucker	gakusei	0	Developer
adbrucker	dresden-ocl	0	Developer
adburton	gphoto	0	Developer
adbyrne	ccandwb	0	All-Hands Person
adchinn	pocketloop	0	No specific role
adchristian	tinyos	0	No specific role
adcockj	javpc	1	No specific role
adcockj	id3lib	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
adcockj	htpcdsp	1	Project Manager
adcockj	convolver	0	No specific role
adcockj	bdadev	1	Developer
adcockj	deinterlace	1	All-Hands Person
adcock_jason	uudt	1	No specific role
adconard	phpbbreloaded	0	Developer
adconard	interactdev	1	No specific role
adconard	srpgframework	1	No specific role
adconard	boardzillabbs	0	Developer
adcs	seeps	1	No specific role
adcs	andrewquiz	1	No specific role
addaeheadley	pagelets	1	No specific role
addaon	jlmud	1	No specific role
addaon	colossus	0	Developer
adderd	o3engine	1	No specific role
addertheblack	myster	1	No specific role
addev	j2k	0	Developer
addf	devgp	1	No specific role
addf	pn-espanol	0	Developer
addict4psx	falcon-os	0	Graphic/Other Designer
addicted_one	aoblogger	1	No specific role
addicted_to_mac	restart-dock	1	No specific role
addictit_jan	openlife	1	No specific role
addies	dewantara	0	Project Manager
addiesam	sxmldm	1	No specific role
addisonlin	mdgen	1	No specific role
addisontd	openmpeg	0	No specific role
addition	sunshineun	1	Developer
addition	anapd	1	No specific role
addodelgrossi	unocv	1	Project Manager
addoula	aguestbook	1	Project Manager
addoula	avsp2p	0	No specific role
addoula	dgcshell	0	Developer
addsmgt	weberp-mx	1	No specific role
addsw	gal	1	Project Manager
add_ady	ommms	0	Developer
ade-development	yades	1	No specific role
adealex	estateagentmgr	1	No specific role
adeans	mx-database	0	All-Hands Person
adean_75	ilabs	0	Support Manager
adeas	webgrabber	1	No specific role
adeazurat	ukhuwahdev	1	Developer
adebeun	prcf	1	No specific role
adecaro	xing	1	Developer
adecaro	ganymedes	1	Developer
adecaro	mathava	1	No specific role
adecaro	mydoggy	1	No specific role
adechert	evm2003	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
adecker	green	1	Project Manager
adedov	libiqxmlrpc	1	No specific role
adee	emu2600	1	Developer
adeel79	prograde	0	Developer
adeeljaved	j2v	1	No specific role
adeeljaved	jside	1	No specific role
adeeljaved	awal	1	No specific role
adeelmahmood	jquicklauncher	1	No specific role
adeelmahmood1	moprsys	1	No specific role
adeelzafar	clarens	0	Developer
adeel_akram	getsmart	1	Project Manager
adegert	gwenhywfar	0	Tester
adegert	aqbanking	0	No specific role
adegert	aqhbci	0	Tester
adegert	ktoblzcheck	0	Developer
adegori3	sgccr	1	No specific role
adegremont	nagiosgraph	0	Developer
adehoyos	pn-espanol	0	Developer
adehoyos	pn-themes	0	Developer
adeio	rphelper	1	No specific role
adeio	aetherion	0	No specific role
adejneka	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
adejong	coreapm	0	Developer
adejongh	abigail	1	All-Hands Person
adek336	panalix	1	No specific role
adel	zpopyda	0	Web Designer
adel	popy	0	Web Designer
adelacruz	oflserver	0	All-Hands Person
adelcher	amos	1	All-Hands Person
adelcher	mummer	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
adelcher	wgs-assembler	0	Developer
adelfi23	unbbayes	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
adelgado1313	html-ae	1	No specific role
adelinerd	jats-project	0	Developer
adelmaa	fonotranscritor	0	Developer
adelmann	batoo	1	No specific role
adelmo	primlife	1	No specific role
adelphi	cflash	1	No specific role
adelsawa	peeranha42	0	Developer
adelton	fulltextsearch	0	No specific role
adel_acameron	smtpfilter	0	Developer
adel_restom	visage-hci	1	No specific role
ademalp	linuxturk	0	Web Designer
ademalpyildiz	linuxturk	1	Project Manager
ademaraguiar	javaml	0	Developer
ademarius	p3pups	1	No specific role
ademat	ow2wiki	0	Developer
adembaba	jedicodeformat	0	Developer
ademelt	architecturware	0	Developer
ademets	psychobrain	1	Developer
ademidov	pvoice	1	All-Hands Person
ademir	furex	1	Web Designer
ademirtug	sharplite	1	No specific role
ademix	tearn	1	No specific role
ademmer2000	php-pet	1	Project Manager
adenegri	vaniglia	0	Developer
adenied1971	pixe	1	No specific role
adenine	eqhook	1	No specific role
adenin__	dictionarymid	0	Content Management
adenisov	graphics32	1	No specific role
adeon	rsdt	1	No specific role
adepereyra	dataexplorer	1	No specific role
adeptics	rssgm	0	Developer
ader	acy-7	1	Project Manager
aderama	jsax	0	Developer
aderama	dna	1	Project Manager
aderen	ad1000	1	No specific role
aderen	cfmssqladmin	0	No specific role
aderidder	checkdocsql	1	Project Manager
aderito	xscms	1	No specific role
aderouineau	openathena	0	Developer
adersberger	simsheephead	1	Project Manager
adersberger	siteml	1	No specific role
adesmarais	sbasfoundry	1	Developer
adesso	asholamp	1	No specific role
adesso	fckeditor	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
adethf	ibswc2006	0	Developer
adette	dynsched	1	Project Manager
adevins	sharpp2p	0	Graphic/Other Designer
adewale	pyxmlunit	1	No specific role
adewale	aggrevator	1	No specific role
adexi	openbirds	0	Web Designer
adeyblue	aclutil	1	No specific role
adeyblue	audioplayer	1	Project Manager
adeyblue	eventlogmonitor	0	Developer
adezio	a-k-i-r-a	0	Distributor/Promoter
ade_br	hugin	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
ade_br	sniffdet	1	Project Manager
ade_br	dumbtransfer	1	Project Manager
adf82	idmos	1	Project Manager
adfcmh	adfc	0	Developer
adfhome	icdprog	1	Developer
adf_ncgr	isys2	1	No specific role
adf_ncgr	cmtv	1	No specific role
adhair	wikipedia	0	No specific role
adhardemare	rkward	0	No specific role
adharper	openmi	0	Developer
adhemarfontes	kids	0	Developer
adhendrikx	qt4tasks	1	Developer
adhin	dsdevguild	0	Graphic/Other Designer
adhintz	noise	1	No specific role
adhisimon	myantarmuka	1	No specific role
adhisimon	vim-doc-id	1	No specific role
adhoc_nikman	ad-hoc-networks	0	Developer
adhu	marvin	1	No specific role
adhu	jknow	1	No specific role
adi	radiosud	0	No specific role
adi-mohr	motoryoda	0	Web Designer
adiamas	rockbox	0	Doc Writer
adiamas	wmstradio	1	No specific role
adibaron	tikal	0	Developer
adibiagio	whips	0	Developer
adicarlo	cclan	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
adicarlo	openjade	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
adicarlo	docbook	0	Developer
adicarlo	sgmltools-lite	0	Developer
adidas28	swingml	0	Developer
adieball	xsfa	1	All-Hands Person
adien	synrechner	0	Developer
adiet9000	xocp	1	Developer
adiffer	highflyer	1	No specific role
adiffer	iwt-ars	1	No specific role
adiffer	clados	1	No specific role
adiffer	sailaway	1	Project Manager
adii	adii	1	No specific role
adiil	bloodlinetree	1	No specific role
adijk	transferware	0	No specific role
adika	seniorquoter	0	Developer
adikshte	broadcasttvxml	1	Project Manager
adikshte	xmediainvoice	0	Project Manager
adil1492	fina	0	Tester
adilaliev	tezedit	1	Project Manager
adileoxfxanis	ilt	1	No specific role
adileoxfxanis	arcade	1	No specific role
adilger	intermezzo	1	No specific role
adilger	cockpit-part	1	Developer
adilger	sandiaportals	0	Developer
adilger	gkernel	0	Developer
adilger	pvmpov	1	All-Hands Person
adilger	portals	1	No specific role
adilger	ext2resize	1	Project Manager
adilger	ext2	0	No specific role
adilger	lustre	1	Tester
adilhafeez	foldocpocketpc	1	No specific role
adilsonoc	columba	0	No specific role
adil_kabbaj	amine-platform	1	Project Manager
adinaldo	criaexperimento	0	Developer
adinaldo	fonotranscritor	0	Developer
adinaldo	linhadotexto	0	Developer
adinath_kamode	utplsql	0	Developer
adingle	jumpstart	0	No specific role
adinsx3	chessgame	1	No specific role
adintr	heat	1	Project Manager
adinu	jseditor	1	No specific role
adioanca	open-beos	0	Developer
adiohawk	bsdfw	0	No specific role
adion	firm	1	No specific role
adirex	glscene	0	No specific role
adiro	jukedaddy	1	Developer
adiroiban	torsmo	0	Developer
adisak	mulch	1	No specific role
adisak	slz	1	Developer
adish	opencvlibrary	0	Developer
adiskx	g2ice	1	No specific role
adiskx	adisk	1	No specific role
adisoftag	adressbooker	1	No specific role
adisoftag	sysmy	1	No specific role
adisonhn	penrose	0	Developer
adithecool	phpbbmodders	0	No specific role
adithya	mave	0	Developer
aditigunja	ambient	0	Developer
aditkal	owlapi	0	Developer
aditofan	owx	1	All-Hands Person
aditofan	baracudautil	1	Project Manager
aditofan	k12thesis	0	Developer
aditsu	pwrgrid	0	Developer
aditsu	smart-library	1	Developer
aditus	jpgraph	1	No specific role
aditya	lejos	0	Developer
adityaj	antomic	0	Tester
adityakalro	searchsite1	0	Developer
adityamooley	koppermine	1	Project Manager
adityamooley	coppermine	0	Developer
adityap	ashulipi	1	No specific role
adityapandit	esper	0	Developer
adityapk	ktable	0	No specific role
adityav	dcpp	1	No specific role
adityayadav76	metaaso	1	Project Manager
aditya_bm	starprise	0	Developer
aditya_c	sms9w3309	1	Developer
aditya_c	dwarf-2003	0	Developer
aditya_pict	alt-search	1	Developer
aditya_singh	lanscan	1	No specific role
adiv_rulez	xenonproject	1	No specific role
adixon	apc-aa	0	No specific role
adizaimi	gkrellnetsel	1	No specific role
adizaimi	gkrelltop	1	No specific role
adizzle	parmesan	1	No specific role
adi_attar	osmis	1	Project Manager
adi_pasa	strafe	1	No specific role
adjego	dvt	0	No specific role
adjelg	x-itools	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
adjem	care2x-plugins	1	All-Hands Person
adjioev	geotools	0	Developer
adju	spanishtutor	1	No specific role
adjurasaj	jirx	1	No specific role
adjurasaj	predictor	1	No specific role
adk0212	apcupsd	1	Project Manager
adkapx	itmls	1	No specific role
adkeller	proteinprophet	1	No specific role
adkeller	peptideprophet	1	No specific role
adkeller	sashimi	0	Developer
adkipfer	jeac	1	Developer
adko	sclogger	1	No specific role
adl	heroes	1	Developer
adl	wide	1	Developer
adlair	qtcsharp	0	Developer
adler24	glrobotsim	0	Developer
adler65	fastpainter	1	Developer
adlerscout	parade	0	No specific role
adlerscout	makumba	1	All-Hands Person
adlerweb	psyconf	1	No specific role
adlroc	o2em	1	Project Manager
adl_astone	libscorm	1	Developer
adl_jtnelson	libscorm	1	No specific role
adma	linhadotexto	0	Developer
adma	fonotranscritor	0	Developer
admac77	gui4j	0	Developer
admac77	domingo	0	Developer
admar	printer-on	1	No specific role
admarshall	h0lug	1	Editorial/Content Writer
admc	whintegrator	1	No specific role
admc	dallamolo	1	No specific role
admin	geows	1	Unix Admin
admin	tossal	1	Developer
admin	buglogv2	1	Unix Admin
admin	processchk	0	Unix Admin
admin123	narok	1	No specific role
admincsc	myhelpdesk	0	No specific role
admindeath	chaosknight	1	No specific role
adminek	notos	1	No specific role
adminjavavis	javavis	1	Project Manager
adminxtercia	phoogle	1	No specific role
admin_jon	bcss	1	No specific role
admin_miage	ocsinventory	0	Developer
admin_nst	stc	0	Developer
admin_pendragon	dob2	1	No specific role
admir	ejbca	0	Developer
admiralbinary	szacoders	0	Developer
admiralhawkes	gw-converter	1	No specific role
admiral_kay	wisim	1	Developer
admiral_kay	ftpowl	1	Developer
admiral_potato	nebula	0	Graphic/Other Designer
admir_s	mios	0	Analysis / Design
admix	gl-117	0	Developer
admiyo	dragon-char	0	Developer
admloki	thunderbolt	1	No specific role
admondatos	sisdec	0	Developer
admorgan	wxart2d	0	Developer
admp	zrun	1	No specific role
admp	elconf	1	No specific role
admrkirk	eeat-basictools	0	No specific role
admrkirk	cryptotw	0	No specific role
admuc_author	admuc	1	All-Hands Person
adn2037	eve3d	0	Developer
adna	oopnp	0	Analysis / Design
adnan456	cmsnet	0	Developer
adnane002	html2pdf	1	No specific role
adnane_by	blenz	0	Developer
adnane_nift	targ	1	Unix Admin
adnans	jackit	0	Developer
adnans	alsaplayer	1	No specific role
adndrums	eews	1	Developer
adnene	gimp-texturize	0	No specific role
adnoh	clve	1	No specific role
adnova	codetohtml	1	No specific role
adnpryde	dsdevguild	0	Developer
adnyl	tpnet	0	Developer
adoal	libscgi	1	No specific role
adobbie	debianhardened	0	Developer
adobner	winpt	0	Developer
adobo	domipanel	1	No specific role
adobocan	messenger-s	1	No specific role
adodge	kotc	1	Developer
adodz	eolf	0	Developer
adoha021	snmarms	1	Developer
adoicin	pussh	1	Developer
adolesquivel	sisdec	0	Developer
adolfomq	dbchecker	1	No specific role
adolfovr	inmobis	1	Developer
adolg	xmc	1	No specific role
adolgert	vtkdotnet	1	Project Manager
adoline	peppernet	1	No specific role
adoll	yappa-ng	0	Developer
adolling	trigrid	1	No specific role
adolon	dmlh	0	Doc Writer
adolpheappia	openblocking	1	No specific role
adomkus	gravi	1	No specific role
adomomdm	ip2pstn	0	Developer
adonai666	fhfschoolware	1	Developer
adonai_rc	php-hug	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
adonn	adaf	1	No specific role
adoppel	confix	0	Developer
adoptme	msftpd	1	Developer
adoren	jing2004	1	No specific role
adoren	jing2004sm	1	No specific role
adoroar	astbill	1	Project Manager
adorosh	gcdb	0	Developer
adorosh	thefix2	1	No specific role
adorosh	rc2000c	1	No specific role
adorosh	mail-posgres	1	No specific role
adost	howe	0	Developer
adotti	adc-archmbox	1	No specific role
adotti	adcfw-log	1	No specific role
adotti	webnavigator	0	Content Management
adotti	tkdex	1	No specific role
adouma	wicket	0	Developer
adouma	wicket-stuff	0	Developer
adparker	platformx	0	Developer
adpenaranda	mobileblogger	1	Developer
adpenaranda	jtong-its	1	No specific role
adpersson	mesman	1	No specific role
adpowers	camps	1	No specific role
adq	kpod	0	Developer
adq	peutils	1	No specific role
adq	pdbdump	1	All-Hands Person
adr-support	adr-support	1	No specific role
adr2	sybaseclx	1	No specific role
adrab	bengaliwriter	1	No specific role
adragomir	twoheads	1	No specific role
adragos	docpp	1	Project Manager
adragos	xterminal	1	No specific role
adrahil	tmsnc	1	Project Manager
adrainne	evm2003	0	Project Manager
adrak	gameblade	0	Developer
adramirez	prwebstats	1	No specific role
adrb	pice	0	Developer
adrcunha	foca	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
adrcunha	uzix	1	No specific role
adreaver	sha-grace	1	Developer
adredish	mclust	1	No specific role
adregner	digitization	1	Project Manager
adrenaline	infinity	1	No specific role
adrenalinjunkie	wikivis	1	Developer
adrenfreak	cratered	0	No specific role
adri	lmts	0	Developer
adri	achaeacure	0	Developer
adri	squid	1	Developer
adriaena	alsamodular	1	Developer
adriafp	nuke-taglibs	1	Developer
adrian	tranquilux	1	No specific role
adrian-bowyer	reprap	1	Project Manager
adrian-c	brutesque	1	No specific role
adrian-c	jcommander	0	Graphic/Other Designer
adrian-c	masterdrive	0	Graphic/Other Designer
adrian-c	csfw	1	No specific role
adrian-colyer	springframework	0	Developer
adrian-ts	imagepdfmerger	1	No specific role
adrian-ts	webpolyglot	1	Project Manager
adrian-ts	webalerter	1	No specific role
adrian-ts	itunesdbparser	1	Developer
adrian13	mpf70	0	Developer
adrian15	movix	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
adrian15	hispascal	1	No specific role
adrian15	zaralinux	0	No specific role
adrian64	databasejface	1	No specific role
adriana	xemacs	1	No specific role
adriana	erc	0	Developer
adriana_ivanova	snake-game	0	Graphic/Other Designer
adriana_l	tingui	0	Developer
adriana_o	webinquiry	0	Developer
adrianbaader	ipath	0	Developer
adrianbachofen	pmmda	1	Developer
adrianbg	webmusicmanager	1	No specific role
adrianbg	oradio	1	No specific role
adrianboeing	pal	1	No specific role
adrianc602	pnphpbb2	1	Developer
adriancadena	jarimba	1	No specific role
adriancheok	mxrtoolkit	1	Project Manager
adriancid	medcampus	0	Developer
adriancid	roxs-tool	1	No specific role
adriancockcroft	setoolkit	0	Developer
adrianconlin	datapipeline	1	Project Manager
adriancu	mdcog	1	Developer
adriancu	pdpws	0	No specific role
adrianer	mozillapl	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
adrianfoot	myfsd	1	No specific role
adrianfoot	openconnect	1	No specific role
adriangligor	tchess	0	Developer
adrianjay	aodude	1	Project Manager
adrianjlomas	myorg	1	Support Manager
adrianl	netsurf	0	Developer
adrianm	ocera	0	No specific role
adrianmarques	jpos	0	Developer
adrianmik	elsi	0	Developer
adrianmocan	dome	0	No specific role
adrianmocan	mediation	0	No specific role
adrianmocan	wsmx	0	Developer
adrianmocan	wsmt	0	Developer
adrianmos	compas	1	Project Manager
adrianmos	adaptivecellsj	1	No specific role
adriano23	file-daemon	1	No specific role
adriano982	virtualaser	1	No specific role
adrianob	jircstuff	1	No specific role
adrianoc	typelibwizard	1	No specific role
adrianoc	cpntstunt	1	No specific role
adrianoc	serialwizard	1	Developer
adrianog	psoproxy	1	Developer
adrianog	mafi	1	No specific role
adrianogaleno	bangthedrumcln	0	No specific role
adrianogf	arzak	0	Developer
adrianogf	lifeblog	1	No specific role
adrianogf	jcproject	1	No specific role
adrianogf	scacad	1	Developer
adrianorampoldi	id-risiko	1	No specific role
adrianostigger	chicobento	1	No specific role
adriano_04	destinyemu	1	No specific role
adriano_04	dragonxemu	1	No specific role
adrianpike	adatris	1	No specific role
adrianpike	racemud	1	No specific role
adrianpike	irbk	1	No specific role
adrianpike	flatslash	1	Project Manager
adrianpike	formcreator	1	No specific role
adrianpj	ideascan	0	No specific role
adrianpj	hp4200-backend	1	No specific role
adrianprice	obe	1	Project Manager
adrianpv	monsci	1	No specific role
adrianr	packinon	1	No specific role
adrianr	antiprism	1	No specific role
adrianrea	integra2	1	Project Manager
adrianrea	integramod-2	1	Developer
adrianromero	tinapos	1	No specific role
adrianromero	openbravo	1	Developer
adrianshome	upm	1	Project Manager
adrianshome	phantom	1	No specific role
adriansilea	e107	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
adriansoh	uwaprj	1	Developer
adriansoto	ofset	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
adrianst	wificonfig	1	No specific role
adriansuri	os2-oorexx	1	No specific role
adriantadros	utspas	0	No specific role
adriantc	dont-panic	1	All-Hands Person
adriantc	enigmacs	1	No specific role
adrianu	xonx	0	Developer
adrianu	oroborosx	1	No specific role
adrianusw	alchemi	0	No specific role
adrianwi2000	hsc-identity	1	Project Manager
adrianwi2000	hsc-ei	1	Project Manager
adrianwi2000	hsc-erpadapter	1	Project Manager
adrianwi2000	hsc-portal	1	Project Manager
adrianwi2000	hsc-datacubes	1	Developer
adrianwi2000	hsc-repository	1	Project Manager
adrianwi2000	hsc-webparts	1	Project Manager
adrianwi2000	hsc-tools	1	Project Manager
adrianwood	ndstrack	1	No specific role
adrianyeung	neurofuzzy	1	Unix Admin
adrian_bernardi	phpdocadmin	1	Developer
adrian_brown	droid	1	Project Manager
adrian_dawe	tclspice	1	Developer
adrian_dawe	rtwo	1	Developer
adrian_dorsman	appstats	1	No specific role
adrian_dziubek	javago2	1	No specific role
adrian_henke	actiongame	1	Project Manager
adrian_henke	sauerbraten	0	Developer
adrian_henke	pcube	1	No specific role
adrian_hudnott	mightyd	1	No specific role
adrian_marte	om-store	1	Developer
adrian_moye	bofhss	1	No specific role
adrian_otto	bogofilter	0	All-Hands Person
adrian_p	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
adrian_sutton	lateral	1	No specific role
adrian_sutton	freecard	1	No specific role
adrias	kermod	0	Developer
adribeiro	beholder	1	Developer
adric_mcdaniel	kobjects	0	Developer
adridon	crystaldoc	0	Developer
adriel001	netmanageutils	0	Project Manager
adrien666	time-cop	0	Developer
adriencomix	macro1	1	No specific role
adrienmondot	livedw	1	No specific role
adriens	dblatexreport	1	No specific role
adriens	sqlserverbook	1	No specific role
adrinael	head-bashers	0	Developer
adrisp	dpss	0	No specific role
adrohak	adrorpg	1	No specific role
adrozdov2005	elips	1	All-Hands Person
adrpar	winvoctrainer	1	No specific role
adrua	nostalgia	1	No specific role
adruta	worldvista	1	Developer
ads	mote	0	Developer
adsaman	akiles	1	Project Manager
adschell	mactrans	1	No specific role
adschneider	ws4d-javame	0	Developer
adsharma	kannada	1	All-Hands Person
adsoft	foxeditor	1	No specific role
adsoncunha	gvsproject	0	Analysis / Design
adsp	fann	0	No specific role
adsplacementsys	adsplacementsys	1	No specific role
adtherat	pbmood	1	Developer
aduain	jethro	0	No specific role
adubey	ocaml-lib	1	No specific role
adubi	yappa	0	Developer
adubravin	daafm	1	Developer
adubyah	heavylifting	1	Developer
aduchate	macmediacenter	1	Project Manager
aduchate	centerstage	1	Project Manager
aducom	zeoslib	0	Developer
aduda	develstat	1	All-Hands Person
adudnik	pop3service	1	No specific role
aduggan	geotracker	1	Project Manager
aduitsis	saa-collector	1	No specific role
aduitsis	pasxa	1	No specific role
aduka	feedman	1	No specific role
aduka	rulilkacvs	1	No specific role
adulau	opensst	1	Developer
adulau	upcase-project	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
adulau	ipfc	1	Project Manager
aduley	lviewhranalysis	1	No specific role
adulub	reportjet	0	Developer
adum	problematic	1	No specific role
adum	slooze	0	No specific role
adumelexis	rawsensorvideo	1	No specific role
adunayevich	apc-aa	0	No specific role
aduntoridas	sqldba	0	Developer
aduran	adacf	1	No specific role
aduran1700	global-defence	0	Developer
aduric	voipadmin	1	No specific role
adurity	ooga04	1	No specific role
adurity	gallery-net	1	Developer
adustman	mysql-python	1	Developer
adustman	nymserv	1	No specific role
adutko	kidzbrowser	0	Graphic/Other Designer
adv94	libcfg	1	No specific role
adv94	config	1	No specific role
advantiss	nemezida	1	Project Manager
adventhero	adventonline	1	No specific role
adventmicro	php-picturevote	1	Developer
adventtyke	popsys	0	No specific role
advesperascit	lrimage	1	No specific role
advicepig	steve-museum	1	Developer
advid	cpc	1	No specific role
advii	datawidget	0	No specific role
advitar84	chalkboard	1	No specific role
advitar84	testsoft	1	No specific role
advorak	ccquiz	1	No specific role
advthry	simpleboy	1	Developer
advu	dtbackup	1	Developer
adw	openaccent	1	No specific role
adw2005	villakino	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
adw27	cml	0	No specific role
adwb	ntracker	1	No specific role
adwb	imeme	1	Project Manager
adwb	dicoml	1	No specific role
adwb	adminager	1	No specific role
adweigert	dotdeploy	1	No specific role
adwie	canna-chat	1	No specific role
adwignall	supportvl2pack	1	Support Manager
adwin_wijaya	anprs	1	Developer
adydeac	linux-adm5120	1	No specific role
adymo	kde-eclipse	1	No specific role
adymo	kdevelop	1	Developer
adyne	adyne	1	No specific role
adyssoft	airldm	1	No specific role
ady_boy	pockmail	0	Developer
adz501	nimbus-protocol	0	Developer
adzialdowski	odars	0	Developer
adzorn	kov-raidplaner	1	Developer
adzumi	peace	0	No specific role
adz_kreon	mvdsv	0	Developer
adz_kreon	tourneypro	1	Developer
ad_admin	lightworking	1	No specific role
ad_astra	aiplanet	0	Analysis / Design
ad_may	digilife	1	No specific role
ad_oskar	peam	1	Project Manager
ae-freeman	tuxpaint	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
ae4ko	mailrefinery	1	Project Manager
ae86_racer	guerillatactics	0	Tester
aear	dnod	1	No specific role
aeav	opencore	1	Project Manager
aeb	libraw1394	1	No specific role
aeb	linux1394	1	No specific role
aeb	armagetronad	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
aeb	armagetron	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
aebep	gophers-den	0	Developer
aeberhard	redaxoinstaller	1	No specific role
aeberhard	typo3winstaller	1	No specific role
aebsanger	genedb	0	No specific role
aeby	bigsifes	1	No specific role
aeby	bigsister	1	Project Manager
aeby	sfidirector	1	Project Manager
aecioneto	dansguardian	0	All-Hands Person
aecioneto	dgav	1	Project Manager
aecioneto	dgwebminmodule	0	Developer
aeckhoff	dndgallery	1	No specific role
aecnews	cis2-to-kml	1	No specific role
aecom	transims	0	Developer
aeden	urc	1	No specific role
aeden	visigoths	1	Project Manager
aeden	obe	1	Project Manager
aeden	formproc	1	Developer
aeden	eppinterpreter	1	Developer
aeden	flickrj	1	No specific role
aeden	databind	1	Developer
aeden	edencrm	1	No specific role
aeden	edenlib	1	No specific role
aeden	rpctester	1	No specific role
aeden	logitest	1	Project Manager
aeden	aquarium	0	Developer
aeden	aggro	1	No specific role
aeden	pyblish	1	No specific role
aeden	pyb	1	No specific role
aeden	tagsurf	1	No specific role
aeden	wafer	1	Project Manager
aeden	jfeedback	1	No specific role
aeden	jtop	1	No specific role
aeden	jnm	1	No specific role
aeden	jpublish	1	Project Manager
aedil	jtts	1	No specific role
aedil	y2l	1	No specific role
aedinc	ep-sf	0	No specific role
aedolon	chesssrv	1	No specific role
aefimov	phantom-castor	1	Developer
aefimov	phantom-common	1	Developer
aefimov	siteengine	0	Developer
aefimov	nettasksforidea	0	Developer
aefpunk	nudj	1	Project Manager
aegeanlinux	w3os	0	No specific role
aegir123	multiserve	0	Analysis / Design
aegirmry	quickget	1	No specific role
aegirsun	spcreloaded	1	No specific role
aegirsun	powindex	1	No specific role
aegis	pictureshow	1	No specific role
aegis	naikai	1	No specific role
aegis	mikmod	1	No specific role
aegis	opensg	0	Developer
aegis	glscry	1	No specific role
aegis	gltext	1	All-Hands Person
aegis	tensile	1	No specific role
aegis	wintarball	1	Project Manager
aegis	empyrean	1	Developer
aegis	dumb	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
aegis	sphere	1	Project Manager
aegis	isugamedev	1	Developer
aegis	audiere	1	Developer
aegis	renaissance	1	No specific role
aegis	scons	0	Developer
aegis	cal3d	0	Developer
aegis	corona	1	Project Manager
aegl	lhms	0	No specific role
aegl	discontig	1	Developer
aegl	atlas-64	1	Project Manager
aegluke	lptk	0	Developer
aegnor	catseye	1	No specific role
aegnor	sloop	1	Project Manager
aegorovtver	egorov	1	No specific role
aegray	iboy	0	No specific role
aegray	ipodlinux	0	Developer
aegrumet	ipodder	1	Developer
aegrumet	juicereceiver	1	All-Hands Person
aegrumet	podshow-mod-sdk	1	Project Manager
aegutman	scrhostplugin	0	Developer
aegypius	vileengine	1	All-Hands Person
aegypius	alphaproject	1	No specific role
aegypius	corelibs	1	No specific role
aegypius	common-thoughts	1	No specific role
aegyssus	ccvdr	1	Project Manager
aehmann	celerity	0	Developer
aehparta	opench	1	No specific role
aeiler	saxtraxt	0	Developer
aeinbu	bananadotnet	0	Developer
aeleneski	bugged	1	No specific role
aelgy	jsummit	1	Developer
aellwein	libnamegen	0	Developer
aellwood	lla	1	No specific role
aelmahmoudy	ptgnlfsr	1	No specific role
aelman	pywebsvcs	0	Developer
aelman	soapy	1	No specific role
aelschuring	arguscodewatch	0	Developer
aeltralor	shiremusic	1	All-Hands Person
aelzein	gestatelier	0	Developer
aelzein	insafluxvideo	0	Developer
aemajorov	u3d	0	Developer
aembleton	teatimer	1	No specific role
aemulcahy	seahorse	0	No specific role
aenarion	unicorp	0	Graphic/Other Designer
aenarionita	ackronic	1	No specific role
aenbacka	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
aende	odml	0	Developer
aendeuryu	rush2005	1	Project Manager
aenfaldor	gerbv	0	Developer
aenon	esper	0	Developer
aenthalan	hawkeye	0	Developer
aen_	ruoohelp	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
aen_sidhe	moo2reseditor	1	No specific role
aeolus	egomap	0	No specific role
aeoluswindkey	dungeonquest	1	Developer
aeonlan	jhangman	1	No specific role
aeonproject	vimes	1	Developer
aeonproject	pyquante	0	Developer
aeonsun	dlog4j	0	Developer
aep	gmone	0	No specific role
aepage	netsnmpj	1	Project Manager
aepage	email-doorman	1	No specific role
aepage	ptkdb	0	Developer
aepryus	aeputil	1	No specific role
aepv6	rsynchelper	1	Developer
aequitas3	bb-tether-modem	1	No specific role
aer	wmh	1	No specific role
aer	exmh	0	No specific role
aer	e-tuner	1	No specific role
aer0naut	mugmanager	1	No specific role
aerach	minerva	0	Developer
aerdem	chatlack	0	Developer
aerea	dink	1	Project Manager
aeric	shatteredrealms	0	Content Management
aerik	easylogin	1	No specific role
aerik	onedotoh	0	Developer
aerik	flexibase	1	No specific role
aerik	kafooeyblog	0	Developer
aeriman	xneur	0	Developer
aerique	cl-sdl	1	Developer
aerislynn	demi	1	Developer
aerisos	aerisos	1	No specific role
aerkalov	brian	1	No specific role
aerkalov	tamtam	1	No specific role
aermartin	sf-xpaint	1	Project Manager
aernst	openquasar	0	Developer
aerofennell	papco	0	Tester
aerolitz	da3dteammax	1	Developer
aeromyx	gsimpletron	0	Web Designer
aeronicdan	dcloginp	1	No specific role
aeron_strife	projectts	0	No specific role
aerorat	ouk	0	Developer
aerovoyager	sibila	1	No specific role
aerowind	nekodius	1	All-Hands Person
aerowyn	ecliptiq	1	No specific role
aerpenbeck	ruby-gsl	1	Project Manager
aerringt	siptoolbox	0	Developer
aertec	fauteuils	1	No specific role
aertl	thinking-forth	0	Developer
aerton	gameopenair	0	Developer
aerts	mipe	0	No specific role
aerts	posa	0	No specific role
aeruder	modules	0	Developer
aeruder	netclasses	1	No specific role
aeruder	pam-sessionrun	1	No specific role
aeruder	objectivemud	1	No specific role
aeruder	trustees	1	Developer
aeruder	sidestep	1	No specific role
aeruder	talksoup	1	Project Manager
aes	projectudi	0	Developer
aes12	cwruser	0	Developer
aesch	audio3d	1	No specific role
aesch	nn-stats	1	No specific role
aeschylus	oges	0	No specific role
aeschylus	kagduc	0	Web Designer
aesculap	chaoos	1	No specific role
aesop	ian	1	No specific role
aespen	bandcalendar	1	No specific role
aespinal	phpopenchat-spm	1	No specific role
aesuli	phorminx	0	Developer
aeternus_a-p	euclidean	1	No specific role
aethera	eloadrunner	1	No specific role
aetherfox	cryptico	1	No specific role
aetherfox	qkrbasic	0	Developer
aetherfox	squarerain	1	No specific role
aethergoth	fmri-dmt	1	Developer
aethers	lewix	1	Project Manager
aethiolas	ultimateodds	1	No specific role
aethon	csstidy	0	Developer
aetmos	zulupad	1	No specific role
aettlin	ibex	1	No specific role
aetu_	tag-completer	1	Developer
aevans	christiangame	1	No specific role
aevdokimenko	guiunit	1	No specific role
aevernon	igor	1	No specific role
aevernon	slate	0	Developer
aevers	ephx	0	Developer
aevers	eolf	0	Developer
aexx	j2da	1	Developer
aeyakovenko	farsight	0	Developer
aeyakovenko	gaim-vv	0	Developer
aeyr	sqdev	1	No specific role
aeyr	sqplus	0	Developer
af0815	openbde	1	Project Manager
af3556	openvpnmanager	1	No specific role
af48	opennms	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
af4820	paint3d	1	No specific role
af4820	easyos	1	Developer
af4820	llinguist	1	No specific role
afa-blackstar	savage	0	Developer
afa-blackstar	afa-scumm	0	Developer
afaa	hybrid-it	1	No specific role
afaatz	concollate	1	No specific role
afaber	cdexos	1	Project Manager
afabian	phpfb4	0	Developer
afabian	fdt	1	No specific role
afabiani	geoserver	0	Developer
afahle	netseer	1	Developer
afahlvik	tikiwiki	0	Developer
afalaise	cvk	1	Project Manager
afalappa	jrman	0	Developer
afalcone	adempiere	0	Doc Writer
afalcone	evolutionsmart	1	No specific role
afallenangel	efiction	0	Developer
afalout	aubit4gl	1	Project Manager
afalout	apps4gl	1	Developer
afan	phplot	1	Project Manager
afanian	psychopath	0	Developer
afanning	graphiteids	1	Developer
afanofosc_99	bricxcc	1	No specific role
afar07	debatable	1	No specific role
afarello	jedit	0	No specific role
afarhan	pcdsp	1	No specific role
afarhan	folksphone	1	No specific role
afarouk	msiprogramming	1	No specific role
afarouk	asyncaction	1	No specific role
afasias	grkbd	1	No specific role
afasias	sledgehammer	1	No specific role
afathman	jazzy	0	Developer
afathman	jspspellcheck	1	No specific role
afathman	dbconn	1	No specific role
afaupell	tcllib	0	Developer
afayolle	foursuite	0	Developer
afayolle	pyxml	0	No specific role
afa_guru	savage	1	Developer
afa_guru	afa-scumm	1	No specific role
afa_guru	amberfisharts	1	Project Manager
afa_guru	deliriumfwork	0	Developer
afb	spriteworld	1	No specific role
afb	spriteworldx	1	Developer
afb	rpm4darwin	1	No specific role
afb	blitpixie	1	No specific role
afb	gdcmac	1	No specific role
afb	gdcgnu	1	No specific role
afb	gdcwin	1	No specific role
afb	hardwarie	1	No specific role
afb	wxd	1	Developer
afbarr	mitopensource	0	Developer
afborchert	dotqmailutils	1	No specific role
afbrown	vcardtable	0	Project Manager
afchine	cdsa	1	No specific role
afcom	clwrap	0	Developer
afcommando	afr	1	No specific role
afcondon	dekstasy	1	Project Manager
afcowie	java-gnome	1	No specific role
afdoyle	geoapi	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
afds	rmc	1	No specific role
afds	lanupdate	1	Project Manager
afe-gmdg	jli-gameengine	0	Developer
afecchio	maxigroupware	1	Project Manager
afecelis	irrlicht	0	Unix Admin
afederici	ewcc	0	Developer
afedotov	wordtohtml	1	Developer
afefer	emerson	1	All-Hands Person
afeinman	rant	1	No specific role
afelton	apophenia	1	No specific role
afenkart	xmeeting	1	Developer
aferende	netsqlazman	1	No specific role
aferende	sqlaudit	1	No specific role
aferende	tdo	1	Project Manager
afernandeza	jtrivia	0	Project Manager
aferrand	pimppa	0	Developer
aferrandi	matrex	1	No specific role
aferrero	dynopp	1	No specific role
afettes	spark	1	Developer
afeucht	jforge	1	No specific role
afex	vbproarcade	0	Developer
afe_coda	libqxt	1	Project Manager
aff9	tomcatbook	1	Project Manager
aff9	nspf	1	No specific role
affane	neogia	0	Developer
affert	centrallix	0	Developer
affilit	affiliate	1	No specific role
affmarket	affmarket	1	No specific role
affonso	gshop	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
affriedl	asptango	1	No specific role
affriedl	patternpro-rxe	1	Developer
affriedl	shrapnelrpc	1	No specific role
afia	hpop	0	Web Designer
afiestaso	eyeos	0	Developer
afifov	umlstatewizard	0	Doc Writer
afigueiredo	blade-ui	0	Developer
afilcosta	prova-eletr	1	Developer
afilias	epp-rtk	0	Developer
afilograna	bxmodeller	1	Project Manager
afindlay	raddle	1	No specific role
afineman	musichouse	1	No specific role
afinney	sbml	1	Project Manager
afinney	sbw	0	Project Manager
afinney	sbmlsolver	1	Developer
afinney	trelis	1	Developer
afior	decision-deck	1	No specific role
afiorillo	eyetoy8057	0	Tester
afirato	autopsi	1	Developer
afita	joramon	0	Doc Writer
afitzpatrick	jwebpack	1	No specific role
afjpassow	vmap	1	Developer
afkamm	pnphpbbhacks	1	Developer
aflansof	erportal	1	No specific role
aflathorea	merchant	1	No specific role
aflegg	salvare	1	No specific role
afletdinov	fheroes2	1	Developer
aflinta	ggadu	0	Developer
aflinton	xmlmiddleware	1	No specific role
aflinton	xmldbms	1	Developer
afloquet	motionmodeling	0	Developer
afluegel	afbackup-webmin	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
afluegel	afbackup	1	Project Manager
afluegge	codelibplugin	1	No specific role
aflury	spinnything	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
aflury	py-sysadmin	1	No specific role
aflynt	tsg	0	No specific role
afm	rstatd	1	Developer
afm_44	anthem-dot-net	1	Developer
afn23397	webbind	1	No specific role
afnevrau	quay	0	All-Hands Person
afoerster	feedbackframe	1	No specific role
afoerster	mixim	0	Developer
afogel	tiro	0	Developer
afogleson	struts	0	Developer
afolmsbee	krbldap	1	No specific role
afonine	cctbx	0	Developer
afontquerni	e2hc08	1	Project Manager
aforanna	faac	0	No specific role
aforeman	w-agora	0	No specific role
aforsythe	ampasctl	1	No specific role
afortier	q2src	1	No specific role
aforum	aforum	1	No specific role
afotos	strata-jdbcschm	0	Developer
afotos	strata-universe	0	Developer
afotos	strata	0	No specific role
afotos	swingml	0	Developer
afoxson	irspider	1	No specific role
afpineda	mipitanza	1	No specific role
afpineda	igorlirc-usb	1	No specific role
afpineda	volumemanager	1	No specific role
afpsoft	freeside	1	No specific role
afr0	d3dcp	1	No specific role
afraithe	mox	1	No specific role
afraithe	tinymce	1	All-Hands Person
afran	sourcechat	1	Developer
afran	ptc	0	Developer
afran005	blox	0	Tester
afranci	cmx	1	No specific role
afranco	bkptowin	1	No specific role
afrankli	lcdp	0	No specific role
afranks	iprecord	0	Project Manager
afrankvt	fan	1	Developer
afrasso	albumshaper	0	Project Manager
afrece	isportal07	0	Developer
afrece	itpmr	0	Developer
afreethinker	ooooge	1	No specific role
afreethinker	sooc	1	No specific role
afreid	xpweb	0	Developer
afreidin	slugtalk	1	No specific role
afreitas	mkgallery	1	No specific role
afrench	replaytool	1	No specific role
afrench	thedrs	1	No specific role
afrenier	conrad	1	No specific role
afri	kadosu	1	Developer
africanis	pysparse	0	Developer
afrika	fetchlog	1	Project Manager
afrisch	docaml	1	Project Manager
afrisch	bedouin	1	No specific role
afrit	linscope	1	All-Hands Person
afri_cz	llama	0	Developer
afrob	lcdproc	0	Developer
afrob0711	contactdb	1	No specific role
afrohorse	mobilegames	1	No specific role
afrojer	vidigi-lite	1	No specific role
afrolov	scarse	1	No specific role
afrolov	curvecaptor	1	No specific role
afrop	aiapps	0	Developer
afrop	lug-bg	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
afroplex	logcorr	1	No specific role
afroplex	difro	1	No specific role
afroplex	wod	1	Project Manager
afroplex	roguept	1	No specific role
afrow_uk	swupdata	1	No specific role
afro_style	tkpholog	0	No specific role
afro_style	redgalaxy	1	Developer
afro_style	phoskito	1	Developer
afro_style	gilugsite	1	Developer
afruchtman	jbad	1	Developer
afsilva	ppts	1	No specific role
afsinb	kahve	1	All-Hands Person
afsinb	jdlist	1	No specific role
afsm	jsour	1	No specific role
afsoft	afphpclasslib	1	No specific role
afsousa	itscmdb	1	No specific role
afsr	checkpwd-imap	1	No specific role
afsr	tt-color	1	No specific role
afstanton	lore-misc	1	No specific role
afstanton	lore-lib	1	No specific role
afstanton	lore	1	No specific role
afstanton	lore-gcc	1	No specific role
afstanton	legends	1	No specific role
afswebmaster	afs	1	No specific role
after	rbc	0	Developer
after42	qemudo	1	No specific role
afterburn188	dufchat	1	All-Hands Person
afterburnercz	absolutefreedom	1	No specific role
aftereight	libtx	1	No specific role
aftereight	smartdomains	0	No specific role
afteris	xpass	1	No specific role
afterlife69	phpbbproject	1	Developer
afterlife69	shuttlebb	1	Project Manager
aftermath	nan	1	No specific role
aftermath	gamedevprj	0	Web Designer
aftermath	happypuppy	1	No specific role
afternoon	hypothetical	1	No specific role
afterstep	massrename	1	No specific role
afterthoughtbtw	edf-project	1	Doc Writer
aftk2	editapage	1	Project Manager
aftk2	ajaxftp	1	All-Hands Person
afu4su	synthetica	1	No specific role
afuertig	laplock	1	No specific role
afuqua	filteriehistory	1	No specific role
afurfaro	routix	0	No specific role
afvargas	adasdl	1	Project Manager
afxgroup	gtk-mui	0	Developer
afxgroup	bourriquet-aos	1	No specific role
afyke	jambalaya	0	Developer
afyzendo	wxhaskell	0	Developer
afz	feedreader2	1	No specific role
af_donadeld	gaius	0	Support Manager
af_haste	pyquake3	0	Developer
ag47	netofwar	1	Developer
agabrieluml	set-06f522	1	No specific role
agabuga	abi2006	1	No specific role
agadzik	ah-card-game	1	Project Manager
agaelebe	talentospoli	1	User Interface (UI) Designer
again2	enterthetetrix	0	Tester
againaway	ultimate	0	Developer
against	cadis	1	Developer
agaiser	wwedit	0	Developer
agalimberti	doopsi	1	Developer
agalimberti	liwe	0	Developer
agalimberti	afc	1	No specific role
agalimberti	autoguide	1	No specific role
agallego	exodus	0	Developer
agalliazzo	personaljesus	0	No specific role
agaman	treeviewadv	1	Developer
agames	virtmlc	1	Project Manager
agames	convey	1	Project Manager
agames	xalid	1	Project Manager
agames	xmleditorkit	1	No specific role
agangidi	palmgolfstat	0	Tester
agapereira	advanced-ado	0	Developer
agape_logos	themediscovery	1	No specific role
agapit	ty4a	0	Doc Writer
agarcia3	webeditor	1	Project Manager
agarciap	javagear	1	No specific role
agarciap	ganzua	1	No specific role
agarciar	freerobot	1	Web Designer
agarfu	akiles	1	Developer
agarfu	qsqlite	1	Developer
agaro	fnordos	1	All-Hands Person
agaroffolo	xforge	1	Developer
agarza	gallery	0	Developer
agarza	alexandria	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
agarza	jshttptest	1	No specific role
agarza	vagrant	1	Project Manager
agash	wincfgtracker	0	Developer
agataz	pasdel	0	No specific role
agateauthor	agateif	1	No specific role
agateauthor	wars	1	Project Manager
agathezol	kexpcalc	1	No specific role
agathism	open-javascript	1	No specific role
agathocles	clx-report	0	Developer
agathocles	jedi-sdl	0	Developer
agathon	avid	1	Developer
agathos	aba	1	Project Manager
agatocles	basejdao	0	Developer
agatocles	basicportal	0	Developer
agazo	kwebwatch	0	Developer
agbell	virtual-access	1	Developer
agbickerton	syslog4j2me	1	No specific role
agbr	echroot	1	No specific role
agc	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
agchaves	phpsambaext	1	Developer
agcrouton	wcuniverse	0	Developer
agd5f	r300	0	Developer
agdersoft	amediamessenger	1	No specific role
agdersoft	agdersoftcms	1	No specific role
agea	abseep	1	No specific role
agea	mopy	1	No specific role
agea	isobel	1	Developer
ageaventure	ageaventure	1	No specific role
ageery	zedict	1	No specific role
agehall	ebolinux	0	Developer
ageissel	zsqlml	1	Project Manager
ageitgey	jgimp	0	Developer
ageitgey	karamba	0	No specific role
ageitgey	netdragon	1	No specific role
ageldama	ejgamekit	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
ageldama	sdlhan	1	All-Hands Person
agelos_panos	moodle	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
agemis	dic	0	Developer
agent-q	scummvm	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
agent-q	javaboy	1	No specific role
agent-s	keepintouch	0	Web Designer
agent-s	phpechocms	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
agent007-bg	agent007	1	No specific role
agent007-bg	opensso	0	Developer
agent007-bg	jspellnumber	1	No specific role
agent007se	muref	1	Project Manager
agent009	agentacademy	0	Tester
agent222	travelerx	1	No specific role
agent911	threaded	1	No specific role
agent911	phpgallery	1	Developer
agent911	xlreader	1	No specific role
agent911	rework	1	No specific role
agent911	combine	1	No specific role
agentblueuk	chris	1	No specific role
agentcandy	mints	1	No specific role
agentdrake	lubbock	0	No specific role
agentgates	xcplay	1	Project Manager
agenthh	fieldguide	1	All-Hands Person
agenthh	harvey	0	Developer
agenthorny	havaj-kinder	0	Developer
agenthucky	itopoly	0	Developer
agentidle	deal-or-no-deal	1	No specific role
agentili	ppradtools	1	No specific role
agentjose1	dean	0	No specific role
agentm	perllib	0	Developer
agentm	cocoaheads	0	Developer
agentorange	xmlrpctcl	1	Developer
agentpeter	mamsproject	0	Developer
agentpeter	shibjim	1	No specific role
agentrg	mailprex	0	Developer
agentscorpion	wcms	1	Project Manager
agentscorpion	freedom-rpg	1	No specific role
agentsway	mail-sniper	1	No specific role
agenttriplex	imtp	1	No specific role
agentwd40	musicserv	1	No specific role
agentzero	sneak	1	All-Hands Person
agent_9191	hcopgame1	1	Developer
agent_j	menuet	1	Project Manager
agent_mutton	muttonsite	1	Web Designer
agent_no1	skyroads2x	1	No specific role
agent_paul	jtimesheet	0	Developer
ager	refchecker	0	Developer
agera_s	sharemusic	0	Developer
ageric	nrpe	0	No specific role
agerken	obst-ab	0	Developer
agerson	stepfibs	1	Developer
agerson	cocoafibs	1	No specific role
ages_04	searchsite1	1	Developer
agevers	pmsys	0	Tester
ageye	tcpiptraff	1	No specific role
agfitzp	wdte	1	No specific role
agfitzp	jseditor	1	Developer
aggiaggi	openfuxml	1	Project Manager
aggieben	opentca	1	No specific role
aggieben	ingenix	1	Developer
aggieben	ember	1	No specific role
aggiecomp	rpgarchitect	1	No specific role
aggieengineer2k	wowshots	1	No specific role
aggiejt	bonfireflights	0	Developer
aggregat4	farben	1	No specific role
aggression	hp3300backend	1	Developer
aggro80	ossdevstudio	1	No specific role
aghaei	kge	0	Developer
aghambaryan	vcb	0	Developer
aghariby	webos	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
aghazaryan	vcb	0	Developer
aghe	soundvibration	1	No specific role
aghez	easyweb	1	No specific role
aghi	manaus	1	Project Manager
aghiondea2	finditindexer	1	No specific role
aghisays	holocontroller	0	Developer
aghoras	veditor	0	Developer
agiacom	mdvi	1	Project Manager
agiardina	merlinwork	1	No specific role
agiardina	equogest	0	No specific role
agiardina	pongoweb	1	No specific role
agiardina	pgconnector	1	No specific role
agiardina	p4a	1	No specific role
agiardina	t-project	1	No specific role
agiardina	axon	1	No specific role
agibbs1	protrak	1	Graphic/Other Designer
agiere	vtxboerse	1	No specific role
agijsberts	yarp0	0	Developer
agilardoni	faq-fcol	0	No specific role
agilbert	bkup-scripts	1	Project Manager
agilbull	gtktabs	0	Developer
agiledevcore	easyphpfw	1	No specific role
agilejava	acai	0	No specific role
agilelee	cotta	0	No specific role
agilepirates	kinase	1	No specific role
agiles	deinterlace	0	Developer
agiletoolkit	longboard	1	No specific role
agile_t	ftp-leecher	0	Developer
agillett	dynapi	1	No specific role
agillis	asteriskathome	1	No specific role
agilos	heigvd-kawa	0	Developer
agily	yadi	1	No specific role
aginor	teem	0	Developer
aginos	nunitasp	0	Developer
agint	ag101	1	No specific role
agintras	rg-apsk-ak	1	No specific role
agiolito	sanscini	1	Developer
agiorgio	fceultra	1	Project Manager
agis	cacanms	1	No specific role
agisci	yabbse	0	Developer
agislibre	gisesagil	1	No specific role
agl	freenet	0	Developer
aglaforge	cslogger	1	No specific role
aglanor	worldforge	0	Developer
aglaouba	kreator	0	Tester
aglargelair	mars	0	Graphic/Other Designer
aglazar	etdr	1	No specific role
aglazar	closx	1	No specific role
aglenning	jarjar	1	No specific role
aglio	algheme	1	No specific role
aglitke	libhugetlbfs	1	No specific role
aglitke	lse	0	Developer
aglitke	lbs	0	Developer
aglnl	xenia-fidonet	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
aglobe	aglobe	1	No specific role
aglosband	flexapps	0	Developer
aglswapbuffers	snowstorm	1	Developer
aglutz	rembackup	1	Developer
aglzen	impact4	1	No specific role
agmartin	dict-common	1	Developer
agme06	shareland	1	No specific role
agmlproject	agmlproject	1	Project Manager
agmorgan	linux-privs	0	No specific role
agmorgan	pam	1	Project Manager
agmsmith	bemaildaemon	0	Developer
agn0stic3000	openskynet	1	No specific role
agn0stic3000	tactics3d	1	No specific role
agnag	voxxopensource	1	Project Manager
agnandt	opendicom	1	No specific role
agnar	coda	1	No specific role
agnar	wpserve	1	No specific role
agnar	scimitar	1	No specific role
agnar	itch	1	No specific role
agnathan	linuxbsm	1	No specific role
agneau	webepg	1	No specific role
agnessa	rubytimetracker	0	No specific role
agnessp	lucid	1	All-Hands Person
agney	luneta	1	Developer
agney	gkdebconf	1	No specific role
agniesia_wis	comsuite	0	Developer
agnieszkab	odf-converter	0	Developer
agnitio	cashduck	0	Developer
agnix	agnix	1	No specific role
agnoldo	audacitypolicia	1	No specific role
agnosonga	openschools	0	Developer
agnosonga	gash	1	All-Hands Person
agnosonga	syncltsp	1	No specific role
ago	timeacc	1	Developer
ago70	cleanogl4x	1	All-Hands Person
agoclik	wincmsproject	1	Project Manager
agodemar	jsbsimcommander	1	Developer
agohr	videodb	1	Project Manager
agohr	bogmog	1	No specific role
agohr	elkware	1	No specific role
agoist	ago-browser	1	No specific role
agolan	invicta	1	No specific role
agolden	orbit3d	1	No specific role
agolden	mageart	1	No specific role
agolden	fire-fly	1	No specific role
agolden	scap	0	Developer
agoliveira	rdp	1	No specific role
agoliveira	bcr	1	Developer
agologan	gruppi	1	No specific role
agonc	ircam-openmusic	1	Project Manager
agoncal	j4cast	1	No specific role
agoncal	wakoo	1	Project Manager
agonyor	expressions	1	No specific role
agonzaga	architest	0	Developer
agonzalezro	xotacms	1	No specific role
agopian	osgmtool	0	Developer
agoracart	anyinventory	1	No specific role
agoracart	agoracart	1	No specific role
agorf	brainwash	1	No specific role
agorf	pycipher	1	No specific role
agoria	asyncfaces	1	No specific role
agorski	tikiwiki	0	Developer
agos	bilarm	1	No specific role
agosavi	stringbeans	0	Developer
agostinism	pyspanishdoc	0	No specific role
agostro	swiftblocks	1	No specific role
agostro	dracman	1	No specific role
agot	agot	1	No specific role
agotneja	ijbswa	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
agou777	ybet	1	No specific role
agoubard	xmlenc	0	Developer
agoubard	xins	1	Project Manager
agoucher	qualitybyadam	1	Developer
agouglidis	porttoipv6	1	No specific role
agoulart	efreet	1	All-Hands Person
agp1183	genecys	0	Graphic/Other Designer
agpm	lportal	0	Developer
agr1	iscsitarget	0	Developer
agrabber	flaskmpeg	0	No specific role
agradov	argus	1	Developer
agradov	radiusmailer	1	Developer
agraef	q-lang	1	No specific role
agraef	faudiostream	0	No specific role
agraef	midishare	0	No specific role
agraef	ggi	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
agrafix	phpimailer	1	No specific role
agrah	schedtool	1	No specific role
agrah	cidentity	1	No specific role
agramdass	posterita	1	Project Manager
agramdass	adempiere	0	Developer
agrandia	qjpro	1	Developer
agrandio	catwin	1	Developer
agrandio	evai	1	No specific role
agranig	openser	0	Developer
agranig	moagg	0	Developer
agrassi	sms69	1	No specific role
agrassi	bewos	0	Developer
agrave	aisa	0	No specific role
agrave	databasebrowser	0	Developer
agrave	projectgenesis	0	No specific role
agray	mrtgconfig	1	All-Hands Person
agray	patchtrack	1	Project Manager
agre	tiocu	1	All-Hands Person
agrebnev	fckeditor	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
agree	mp-plugins	0	No specific role
agree	mediaportal	0	Developer
agreen	zoolib	1	Project Manager
agreenbhm	g-zero	1	No specific role
agreenbhm	imessenger	1	No specific role
agreenv5	jvc-addins	1	No specific role
agreeya	hindiyast	1	No specific role
agreeya	ktoby	1	No specific role
agreeya	agreeyanasbox	1	No specific role
agreiloth	daocanalyse	0	Developer
agrenedo	replica8	1	No specific role
agresse	myntmgmt	1	No specific role
agreu	tofaa	1	Project Manager
agreyes	openoffice-es	0	Developer
agreysukh	basicportal	0	No specific role
agricocb	netjail	1	No specific role
agrier	bdm	0	No specific role
agrif	ex-naryan	1	Developer
agriffis	jamd	0	No specific role
agriggio	pyallegro	1	Developer
agriggio	wxglade	1	No specific role
agrilledfish	gccg	0	Developer
agrings	nc-framework	1	No specific role
agrings	syncbuilder	1	No specific role
agrinux	agrinux	1	No specific role
agrius	openjean	0	Tester
agrosam	whisper2	0	Developer
agrothe	linuxcpd	1	No specific role
agrover	acpi	1	Developer
agrund	hertzconquest	0	Developer
agrundma	promp3	0	Developer
agrv	phpconges	0	No specific role
agrv	aglat	1	Project Manager
agsd	mogocal	1	No specific role
agsjr	ursus	1	No specific role
agslinda	tigerleaf	1	No specific role
agslinda	xsltp	1	No specific role
agsotelo	ifg	1	No specific role
agsotelo	snifscl	1	No specific role
agstools	opencon	1	No specific role
agstools	btrack	1	No specific role
agstools	gtkwrap	1	No specific role
agt	sc-original	1	Developer
agt_cooper	albumdotnet	1	Developer
aguardiet	tortoisecvs	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
aguazul	openeeg	1	No specific role
aguazul	sbagen	1	No specific role
agudanis	openidm	1	Developer
aguevara	hl7api	0	Developer
aguevara	chisel-cache	1	Developer
aguevara	log4d	0	All-Hands Person
aguevara	mailtosms	1	No specific role
aguevara	yawn2	1	All-Hands Person
aguevara123	matador	1	No specific role
aguevara123	genmod	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
aguevara24	codebook	0	Developer
aguffant	transfog	1	Developer
aguiar	cpptools	1	No specific role
aguiar	pykanjicard	1	No specific role
aguiar	pywikiserver	1	No specific role
aguiar	pysnippet	1	No specific role
aguiguy	supertable	1	Project Manager
aguilera	phpbb2pnmod	1	No specific role
aguimar	perl-oak	0	Developer
aguirre	arara	0	Tester
aguirrel	xwdwebshop	1	No specific role
aguitton	rsf	0	Developer
aguizar	wsbpeltc	0	No specific role
aguizar	jbpm	1	Developer
aguja	persistentlogic	1	No specific role
agunghp	fxmlrpt	0	Developer
agung_bs	starprise	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
agurtovoy	boost	0	Developer
agurtovoy	docutils	0	Developer
agus15	spaceballracer	0	Developer
agusmba	gorest	1	No specific role
agustavo	cobol2html	1	No specific role
agustdj	ivalidator	1	Developer
agustidosaiguas	kbuti	0	Developer
agustig	ds4gp	1	No specific role
agustig	jsdb	1	No specific role
agustig	birjidev	1	Project Manager
agustindondo	adnforum	1	No specific role
agustindondo	cphp	1	No specific role
agustindondo	phpgen	1	No specific role
agustingianni	ffuzer	1	No specific role
agustinjlopez	kiops	1	No specific role
agustinsantos	sxta	1	No specific role
agus_3	documentmanager	0	Developer
agutarra	genio	1	No specific role
agutarra	shapetools	1	No specific role
agutierr	gsvn	0	Developer
agutzeit	takthons	1	No specific role
agutzeit	precinct	1	No specific role
aguy_likeme	efinger	1	Developer
aguy_likeme	codecraft	1	No specific role
aguy_likeme	gfxmail	0	Developer
aguzman	afi	1	Project Manager
agvtest	agvsimulation	0	Developer
agw1	salamanca	1	No specific role
agw1	jxarcade	1	No specific role
agw1	jdoinstruments	1	Project Manager
agwadude	food-journal	1	No specific role
agwilliams1000	fragit	1	All-Hands Person
agwn	platformx	0	Developer
agwspilot16	ghpmathproj	0	Developer
agw_linux	blake	0	Content Management
agyani	agendaware	0	Developer
ag_4_ezide	bcx-basic	0	Developer
ah0209	misanthropy	0	Developer
ah036	xspacedb	0	No specific role
ah7	ah7	1	Project Manager
ah8	euclid-vector	1	No specific role
ahab73	ypdatepicker	1	Developer
ahab_	dialect	1	Project Manager
ahab_larsen	x-evian	1	No specific role
ahaertig	jjostle	1	No specific role
ahaferburg	k3d	0	Developer
ahahibrahim2	oo7	0	No specific role
ahaidukov	sysinfo-dc	1	No specific role
ahaig	adium	0	No specific role
ahaines	tponguardclx	1	Project Manager
ahakkinen	ieedit	1	Project Manager
ahakkinen	tbaseos	0	No specific role
ahakkinen	tatteredrpg	0	Developer
ahakkinen	oslo	1	No specific role
ahakkinen	paktool	1	No specific role
ahakkinen	cabtool	1	No specific role
ahakkinen	krimpy	0	No specific role
ahakkinen	lacroix-iv	0	Developer
ahalbig	xnapster	1	Project Manager
ahalbig	morejava	1	No specific role
ahalbig	cem	1	Project Manager
ahalbig	sapj	1	Project Manager
ahallam	geotools	0	Developer
ahallmann	pkgsrc-wip	0	No specific role
ahallock	castleproject	0	Developer
ahalpern	wgs-assembler	1	No specific role
ahamay	cl-go	1	No specific role
ahamay	ultimatego	1	Project Manager
ahamed555143	openwebsuite	0	Tester
ahamed555143	myph	0	Tester
ahamilton	spirit2	0	No specific role
ahamm	aubit4gl	0	Developer
ahampshire	equip	0	Developer
ahamza	auc-dbms	1	No specific role
ahamza	auc-plethora	1	No specific role
ahankinson	newlibdb	1	Project Manager
ahans	slicer	0	Developer
aharbilas	nitrotech	0	Analysis / Design
ahardon	yastrs	1	No specific role
aharonh	jamper	0	Developer
aharper	cobolic	1	Project Manager
aharrison24	xcsoar	0	Developer
aharsent	opl-dev	0	No specific role
aharth	jeromedl	0	Developer
aharth	linksearch	0	No specific role
aharth	dome	0	No specific role
aharth	triple	1	Project Manager
aharvey	xmlcard	1	No specific role
ahasn2000	throughskysms	0	Developer
ahatebur	allnetwlan	1	Project Manager
ahatt	scared	1	No specific role
ahatzis	pyswarm	1	Project Manager
ahatzis	genea	1	No specific role
ahatzis	freegee	1	Project Manager
ahaubold	streamp2p	0	No specific role
ahaug	servermon	0	Developer
ahavard	phpmyhelpdesk	1	Project Manager
ahavenstein	jmigrator	0	Developer
ahawrylyshen	stun	1	All-Hands Person
ahawrylyshen	sippy	1	All-Hands Person
ahawrylyshen	sipimp	1	Developer
ahawrylyshen	callflow	1	All-Hands Person
ahawrylyshen	resiprocate	1	All-Hands Person
ahawrylyshen	turn	1	No specific role
ahayatnagarkar	opensnmp	0	Tester
ahayatnagarkar	net-policy	0	No specific role
ahayatnagarkar	dnssec-tools	1	Developer
ahayes	slimp3	0	Developer
ahayran	xml-menu	1	No specific role
ahbanks	koha	0	Developer
ahbao	simrtk	0	Developer
ahbrown41	jcv	0	Developer
ahc	dicomperl	1	No specific role
ahchem	glwars	0	No specific role
ahcode	aces-high-code	1	No specific role
ahcox	visualgaming	0	No specific role
ahde	klamath-wf	1	No specific role
ahdja	simple-qos	1	No specific role
ahduke99	spychat	0	Project Manager
ahduke99	poisoned	0	Developer
aheck	klilo	1	No specific role
aheirich	opensteer	0	No specific role
aheit	dacca	1	Project Manager
aheit	rheingold1	1	Project Manager
aheit	xoma	1	No specific role
ahelblin	studentcenter	0	Developer
aheld	webware-sandbox	0	Developer
ahelleboogh	agvsimulation	0	No specific role
ahelleboogh	packet-world	0	Developer
ahelsley	nelsonlab	0	Developer
ahemphill	jrci	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
aheninger	icu	0	Developer
ahennessy	xtensa	0	Developer
ahenriquez	portal-niozero	0	Support Manager
ahenry	volity	0	Developer
ahense	litsearch	1	Project Manager
ahentz	kinglet	1	No specific role
aheppel	gsburn	1	No specific role
aherbig	mase	0	Developer
aheritier	maven-plugins	1	Developer
ahermans	xbeats	0	No specific role
ahermans	mcountd	0	No specific role
ahermans	mibfm	0	No specific role
ahermes	boardgameonline	0	No specific role
ahern	chromium	1	Project Manager
ahern	visit	1	Project Manager
ahern	dmx	0	No specific role
ahernandez	mepsth	0	Unix Admin
aherraez	jmol	0	Doc Writer
aherranz	flaco	1	No specific role
aherrman	lkcd	0	Developer
aherve	stockchecker	0	No specific role
ahessellund	smartemf	1	Developer
ahetland	rheingold1	0	Analysis / Design
ahgomez_lp	webical	0	No specific role
ahhadesign	metanode	0	Developer
ahhh	newstwo	1	No specific role
ahhhmytoes	net2js	1	No specific role
ahhon	tiocu	1	All-Hands Person
ahietala	nxwcms	0	Project Manager
ahil	pwebserv	0	Developer
ahinu	humanis	0	Developer
ahippo	simphysmodel	1	Developer
ahitchcock	core-52n	0	Developer
ahjthiel	nase	1	No specific role
ahkielstra	x10	0	Developer
ahking	ftpanywhere	1	No specific role
ahlongc	mgpr02gr	1	Developer
ahlt	theaterlinux	1	No specific role
ahluka	adpds	1	No specific role
ahm	newscenter	0	Developer
ahm	opencsm	1	No specific role
ahmad2005	bmfo	0	Developer
ahmadafifi	beep	1	Developer
ahmadeus	jduplicate	1	Project Manager
ahmadfarhan	tamanbasketball	1	No specific role
ahmadfds	ar8n-glossary	0	No specific role
ahmadhash	unicp	1	No specific role
ahmadhumyn	xpapi	0	No specific role
ahmadhumyn	liberta	0	Developer
ahmadi	mmorpg-voip	0	Developer
ahmadlead	jpoompi	1	No specific role
ahmadpriatama	deepdiver	1	No specific role
ahmadsabry	beep	1	Developer
ahmadtarek	cucode	1	No specific role
ahmadthd	attendmanager	1	No specific role
ahmadv	freetime	0	Developer
ahmadv	freeenergy	0	Developer
ahmali86	aras-os	1	No specific role
ahmed	jprimer	1	No specific role
ahmed	jaligner	1	No specific role
ahmedabdalla	shabacat	1	Developer
ahmedadel	aappt	1	No specific role
ahmedali	crocus	0	Developer
ahmedelmahdy	bigintbench	0	No specific role
ahmedemre11	kezan	1	No specific role
ahmedf	insomnia-httpd	0	Developer
ahmedf	sharelaf	1	No specific role
ahmedfaiz	jpetrinet	0	Developer
ahmedhabeeb	pakbusinessapp	1	Project Manager
ahmedkandel	activelife	1	No specific role
ahmedmmahmoud	allianceless	0	Developer
ahmedmmahmoud	litprot	1	No specific role
ahmedmmahmoud	wintriangle	0	Editorial/Content Writer
ahmedmmahmoud	pmanage	0	Developer
ahmedmmahmoud	samooha	0	Doc Writer
ahmedosama	movingmissiles	1	Developer
ahmedragab	letsplay	0	Developer
ahmedragab	persdocmanager	0	Developer
ahmedragab	pengine	0	Developer
ahmedragab	jasonkitty	1	Developer
ahmeds	aura-xmlrpc	1	No specific role
ahmeds	experience	1	No specific role
ahmedshah	emulinux	1	All-Hands Person
ahmedsoliman	shabacat	1	No specific role
ahmedtawila	url-911	0	No specific role
ahmedyo	oracus2003	0	Developer
ahmed_	mufix	0	Developer
ahmed_	bluecom	1	No specific role
ahmed_aldabbagh	csgallerytool	0	Developer
ahmed_chams	komunio	0	Requirements Engineering
ahmed_farouk	mufix	0	Developer
ahmed_ismaiel	realshader	1	No specific role
ahmed_ismaiel	smartzip	1	No specific role
ahmed_ismaiel	photonix	1	No specific role
ahmed_mido	simplephonebook	1	No specific role
ahmed_mustaq	webjavabean	1	No specific role
ahmed_r	myacdsee-r-d	0	Developer
ahmed_rahmat	opensdrm	0	Developer
ahmed_rahmat	sendipservice	0	Developer
ahmed_rahmat	iscs	0	Developer
ahmed_rahmat	colfs	0	Developer
ahmed_rahmat	umlstatewizard	0	Doc Writer
ahmed_yihia	mufix	0	Developer
ahmetaa	tspell	1	No specific role
ahmetaa	dtpro	0	Developer
ahmetax	dtpro	1	No specific role
ahmetbiskinler	turk	1	No specific role
ahmetozturk	printquota	1	No specific role
ahmetyetgin	tarzankss	1	No specific role
ahmetyetgin	usturlap	1	No specific role
ahmhoseini	etherfs	1	No specific role
ahminus	sins	1	No specific role
ahmiw	cmp	1	No specific role
ahn	netrek	1	Developer
ahn	paradise	1	No specific role
ahndk	jop-bsc-design	0	Developer
ahnielsen	ninan	1	All-Hands Person
ahnielsen	wicket-stuff	0	All-Hands Person
ahnkle	projgalileo	0	Developer
ahnve	linor	1	No specific role
ahnve	markdown-ant	1	Project Manager
aho	emri	0	All-Hands Person
ahockersten	haskelldb	1	Project Manager
ahockley	gpu	0	Doc Writer
ahockley	lj-net	1	All-Hands Person
ahodroj	modfortress	1	No specific role
ahoeglmeier	jthread	0	Developer
ahoehma	tcp-proxy	1	No specific role
ahoenig	bluehands	1	No specific role
ahoerl	noxbusiness	1	No specific role
ahoivik	contentone	1	Unix Admin
aholanda	neucis	1	No specific role
aholland	ant2html	1	No specific role
ahollosi	phpwiki	0	Developer
aholmes01	cleversafe	1	No specific role
aholovaty	django	1	No specific role
aholzer	agos	0	Developer
aholzer	agenda-distro	0	Developer
aholzmann	gtkmm	0	Developer
ahoms	esrflinuxio	0	Developer
ahongens	dttddigiar	0	Developer
ahonor	dmf	1	No specific role
ahonor	webad	1	No specific role
ahonor	controltier	1	No specific role
ahonor	antdepo	1	Developer
ahonor	opendepo	1	No specific role
ahooton	parapin	1	Project Manager
ahoover	crmagic	0	Developer
ahotan	dspsr	1	No specific role
ahotan	psrchive	1	Developer
ahouans	menelic	1	No specific role
ahouans	toastersoft	1	No specific role
ahouans	aajguestbook	1	Developer
ahouhpuc	squid	0	Developer
ahowe	gltron	0	No specific role
ahoymatey	tivoserver	0	No specific role
ahp	war3d	0	Developer
ahrens	odem	0	Project Manager
ahri	phabcms	1	No specific role
ahristov314	myjson	1	No specific role
ahristov314	code2web	1	No specific role
ahristov314	xeometry	1	No specific role
ahristov314	jjcode	1	No specific role
ahristov314	java2web	1	No specific role
ahristov314	javaxray	1	No specific role
ahrncic	itpmr	0	Developer
ahs3	prospect	0	Developer
ahsan-ali	ebony	1	No specific role
ahsaneida	lcalibrary	0	Developer
ahsan_ikram	jas-wired-pda	1	No specific role
ahsan_ikram	clarens	0	Developer
ahsan_latif	dittorrent	0	Project Manager
ahsauge	nextgencms	1	All-Hands Person
ahsauge	yatt	1	Developer
ahsene	meinds	0	No specific role
ahshah	yja-convo	1	No specific role
ahsile	dbconverter	1	Project Manager
ahsinclair11	nmis	1	Developer
ahsomebihrd	jmsg	0	Developer
ahstd	irms	1	No specific role
ahsu	cvshist	1	No specific role
ahsu	rolo	1	All-Hands Person
ahtan123	tbship	1	No specific role
ahtih	photoproc	1	No specific role
ahtik	eclipse-incub	1	No specific role
ahtik	cliquelib	1	No specific role
ahtik	openlinked	1	No specific role
ahtisham	bpel4ws2owls	1	No specific role
ahtri	jcdsee	1	No specific role
ahubacher	yabbse	0	Support Manager
ahuegen	jdevil	1	No specific role
ahuegen	annocon	1	No specific role
ahuillet	zlog	1	No specific role
ahuillet	marauder	1	No specific role
ahuillet	freedroid	1	Developer
ahuja	shamrock	1	Developer
ahuja	mrt	1	No specific role
ahultqui	downloadmanager	0	Web Designer
ahultqui	osexchange	0	Web Designer
ahumeniy	ahmeba	1	No specific role
ahumeniy	gaianet	1	No specific role
ahumph	impfarm	0	Developer
ahumphr	jankos	1	No specific role
ahumphr	pn-babel	1	No specific role
ahumphr	pn-template	1	All-Hands Person
ahundiak	isetools	1	No specific role
ahundiak	zayso	1	No specific role
ahundiak	kosmos	1	Developer
ahunt	rubyinstaller	1	No specific role
ahunt02	jtorrentlib	0	No specific role
ahunter	tamescheme	1	No specific role
ahurt	tclcryptography	1	No specific role
ahuser	jvcl	0	Developer
ahuser	jedidotnet	0	Developer
ahuser	jcl	0	Developer
ahuser	qtcsharp	0	Developer
ahuser	qtwin	0	Developer
ahuser	kde-cygwin	0	Developer
ahuser	xlibvcl	1	No specific role
ahuser	fdcil	1	No specific role
ahuser	freeclx	1	Project Manager
ahuser	dpp32	1	Developer
ahuser	delphineroapi	0	Developer
ahuser	de-delphi	0	Developer
ahuser	utf8vcl	0	No specific role
ahuser	unvclx	1	No specific role
ahuusko	mixim	0	Developer
ahvargas	lainsoftforge	1	Developer
ahven	tuxpaint	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
ahven	rbook	0	Developer
ahvezda	gerbv	1	Project Manager
ahvezda	geda	1	No specific role
ahweb	awebusenet	1	No specific role
ahxu2008	flexportlet	0	Developer
ahya365	bagel	1	No specific role
ahyeop	oo-l10n-my	1	Developer
ahynes1	dean	0	No specific role
ah_pun	unichat	1	Developer
ai-blue	sakura-editor	0	Developer
ai-bombing	ktable	1	No specific role
ai-tem	ai-tem	1	No specific role
ai024	as2lib	0	Developer
ai024	flashconsole	1	No specific role
ai2097	gplflash	0	Developer
ai256	gsmslib	1	No specific role
ai3	femfind	1	No specific role
ai3	freenetmta	1	No specific role
ai4spam	subrip	1	Developer
ai9nl	hamshack-hack	1	No specific role
aia-standards	clallserial	1	Project Manager
aiacono	openportalguard	1	Developer
aiacono	opensignature	1	No specific role
aiandolo	phantacalcio	1	No specific role
aianson	doorware	1	No specific role
aiartificer	rpdbng	1	No specific role
aias	cool	0	Developer
aib	kopuz	0	Developer
aiban	wdbil	0	Developer
aibanhamano	otf	1	Developer
aibara	vacm	0	Developer
aibba	xpe	0	Developer
aibba	mockrunner	1	Project Manager
aibi	plomyczek	0	Developer
aibmbuild	genesisslp	0	No specific role
aibot	shuttlebb	0	Developer
aiboware	aiboware	1	No specific role
aibrado	bemused	1	Project Manager
aibrado	g15daemon	0	No specific role
aibrado	g15tools	1	Developer
aibrado	kde-bluetooth	0	Developer
aibuddy	aibuddy	1	Project Manager
aicapone	jdstream	0	Developer
aice007	ewerbung	1	No specific role
aichoudh	flixit	0	No specific role
aicra	opendocpro	1	No specific role
aicwebdesign	biblesuper	1	No specific role
aic_	thenews	1	Developer
aid	artinterface	1	No specific role
aida83	inmobis	1	Developer
aidamina	reunion	1	No specific role
aidanom	smscal	1	No specific role
aidanpeiser	com-galore	1	No specific role
aidanpeiser	profession	1	Project Manager
aidanpeiser	pntooracle	0	Developer
aidanpeiser	pn-modules	0	Developer
aidanpeiser	pmg	1	Developer
aidanpeiser	moneygalore	1	No specific role
aidanrogers	mues	0	Project Manager
aidan_skinner	ascl	1	Project Manager
aidan_t	lammps	0	No specific role
aidas	cocoakb	1	No specific role
aidas15	moodle	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
aidasdailide	spytrack	0	Developer
aidave	simbrain	0	Developer
aidave	muggle	1	No specific role
aidave	naiture	1	No specific role
aidave	aiplanet	1	Project Manager
aidave	air	1	No specific role
aidave	nobleape	0	No specific role
aidave	galacticlegend	0	Developer
aidave	gldata	0	Developer
aidave	gls-fps-3d	1	Developer
aidave	glscene	0	Developer
aida_fdez	viwie	1	Developer
aida_s	fink	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
aideaas	aideaas	1	No specific role
aidear	aidear	1	No specific role
aiden0	jelly	1	No specific role
aidin	virtualfight	1	No specific role
aidmcgin	soccerdb	1	No specific role
aidos_g	xjmud	1	Developer
aielo	zframetool	0	Developer
aiembo	ibo	0	Developer
aier	yuri	1	No specific role
aierwin	xmboard	1	No specific role
aifbpci	texttoonto	1	Project Manager
aifbpci	kaon	0	No specific role
aifiltr0	ugame	0	Developer
aifiltr0	sagemer	1	No specific role
aiforge	fcomm	1	Developer
aig	zxunrar	1	Project Manager
aigan	wraf	1	Project Manager
aigan	cgiirc	0	No specific role
aigantighe	oacms	1	No specific role
aigarius	sbackup	1	Project Manager
aigarius	tikiwiki	0	Developer
aigeek	txt2html	1	No specific role
aignacio_sf	panda3d	0	Developer
aih1013	ecl-datepicker	1	No specific role
aii	phpmyforms	0	Developer
aii	phptbox	1	No specific role
aiiyah	hlgraph	1	No specific role
aijil	glickr	1	No specific role
aijil	iwrite	1	No specific role
aiju	ldap-pp	1	Developer
aiju	y3k	1	No specific role
aiju	sflang	1	No specific role
aijun	bangthedrumcln	0	No specific role
aikasevj	ramp	0	Developer
aikasevj	cube42sysframe	0	Developer
aike	quimeleon	1	All-Hands Person
aikeda	lurker	0	Developer
aikeleer	repleye	1	No specific role
aiken	banshee	0	No specific role
aiken11	abiword	0	All-Hands Person
aiken11	aiksaurus	1	Project Manager
aikendrum	hexdot	0	Project Manager
aiken_cz	incron	1	No specific role
aiken_cz	inotify-cxx	1	No specific role
aikomastboom	jibe	0	Developer
aikonmgb	optex	1	Developer
aikuson	cmapp	0	Developer
aileen	linux-memhotadd	1	No specific role
ailleret	larbin	1	No specific role
ailleret	docaml	1	Developer
ailleret	swiftsurf	1	No specific role
ailon	spaw	1	All-Hands Person
ailons	mouse-recorder	1	No specific role
aim4min	jazzy	1	All-Hands Person
aim4min	roller	0	No specific role
aim4min	lcdproc	0	No specific role
aimacintyre	python	0	Developer
aimappeur	mihltc	0	Developer
aimappeur	chaossotware	1	No specific role
aimark	homeward	0	Developer
aimass	p2ee	1	No specific role
aimass	dotmods	0	Developer
aimbench	aimbench	1	No specific role
aimbot	bloggerapibot	1	Project Manager
aimedei	corecatalog	1	Project Manager
aimeesc	jgaia	0	Developer
aimia0_0	smartdot	0	Developer
aiming	qomo	1	No specific role
aimlguy	alicebot	1	No specific role
aimoz	cvk	0	Developer
aimset	phr	1	Project Manager
ain0	openoffice-et	1	All-Hands Person
ainanous	crrcsim	0	Developer
ainfante	lcdsmartie	0	Developer
ainge09	e2exam	1	No specific role
aingel	aimsphil	1	No specific role
aingram	log4cpp	0	Developer
aings	card304	0	Developer
ainhi	phonebox	0	No specific role
ainhoab	inmobis	1	Developer
aini9983	theone	1	No specific role
ainmarh	golded-plus	0	Developer
ainouche	ainouche	1	No specific role
ainselberg	ocmwebminplus	0	Content Management
aint	phortify	1	No specific role
aint2good	shift	1	No specific role
aint2good	ezpz	1	No specific role
ainu	scode	1	No specific role
ainu	newsr0x0r	1	All-Hands Person
ainvar	mindseye	1	No specific role
ainvar	lip	1	No specific role
ainvar	libtrace	0	No specific role
ainvar	libnurbs	1	No specific role
ainvar	kaiview	1	No specific role
ain_tohvri	streber	0	Developer
aioaneid	precisefloating	1	No specific role
aionica	ldap-umt	1	No specific role
aionica	gremlinux	1	No specific role
aionut	tinc	0	Developer
aiop	simppm	1	No specific role
aiop	onelinux	1	No specific role
aioprisan	olp	1	No specific role
aioros404	jsc2	1	No specific role
aioros404	cero	0	Developer
aioros999	aioros	1	Developer
aiosup	bittorrent-2	0	Developer
aiosup	p2p-tv	0	Developer
aiosup	tribler	0	All-Hands Person
aiosup	toofastbt	1	Developer
aip	freebios	0	Developer
aip87	stdp	1	Developer
aiphysics	bsdbot	0	Developer
aiqa	jmb-db	1	No specific role
aiqa	mindbase	1	No specific role
airadier	messa	1	No specific role
airadier	amsn	1	Project Manager
airadier	lingo	1	No specific role
airadier	wipy	1	No specific role
airadier	zaralinux	0	Developer
airatsa-sf	jservo	1	No specific role
airbaggins	cityscape	1	No specific role
airbat	fkdt	1	No specific role
airblaster	forbiddenmagic	1	No specific role
airborne	filler	0	No specific role
airborne	bzflag	0	Developer
airborne	libcddb	1	Developer
airborne	desktopaid	1	All-Hands Person
aircrackng	aircrack-ng	1	No specific role
airdish	hpdhtml	1	Developer
airell	nmedit	0	Developer
airen_es	easyp2p	0	Developer
aireoreion	emuleionix	1	Project Manager
airfoil	profileman	1	All-Hands Person
airforce1	clanoffice	1	Project Manager
airfoyle	clocc	0	Developer
airfoyle	cl-cookbook	0	Editorial/Content Writer
airgead	strangebrew	0	Developer
airggie	jagcms	1	Developer
airgyl	islandsoft	1	Project Manager
airhand	airnews	1	No specific role
airhead	cvs-porc	1	Project Manager
airhead	nnsched	1	No specific role
airhead	gune	1	All-Hands Person
airhead	hooch	1	Analysis / Design
airhead	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
airiano	dumbo	1	Developer
airin356	file2xliff4j	1	No specific role
airin356	rippleopb	1	Project Manager
airlie	cctbx	0	Developer
airlied	dri	0	Developer
airlied	nouveau	0	Developer
airlied	pamsmb	1	No specific role
airlied	pamncp	1	No specific role
airlied	mesa3d	0	Developer
airlied	r300	0	Developer
airlied	linux-vax	1	Developer
airliner83	remotedb	1	No specific role
airlink	openfans	1	Developer
airlynx	shadowofkings	0	Web Designer
airmax_ua	fbddexconfig	1	No specific role
airneil	ftnpl	0	Developer
airog	imcom	1	No specific role
airolg	cre-osc-loaded	0	Tester
airolg	way-loaded	0	Tester
airon2	linxvideos2	1	No specific role
airon911	audacity	0	Doc Writer
airpiet	docsql	0	Developer
airpizza	jrisk	0	Developer
airpizza	lobby	1	Project Manager
airportyh	jyaml	1	No specific role
airportyh	songbird	1	No specific role
airraiser	csc329rpg	1	Developer
airsentry	airsentry	1	No specific role
airstar3980	p3cms	1	Developer
airt	vitooki	0	No specific role
airtodo	airtodo	1	No specific role
airtrix4	nncfsu	0	Developer
airv	associated	1	No specific role
airvine	ayrconf	1	Developer
airwalklogik	ignition	0	Developer
airwalklogik	chatlogix	1	No specific role
airwaveava	sdsp	1	Developer
airwaves	osdldbt	0	Developer
airwin	openwd	0	No specific role
airwin	ssynth	1	Project Manager
airwin	loll	0	All-Hands Person
airwin	lbproject	1	Project Manager
airwin	lasi	1	Developer
airwin	plplot	1	All-Hands Person
airwin	yplot	1	No specific role
airwin	freeeos	1	No specific role
airwofl	inprotect	0	All-Hands Person
airwolfst	yapc	1	No specific role
airwolfx86	unixoswin32	1	No specific role
airy	augui	1	All-Hands Person
air_hadoken	ptcrack	1	No specific role
aisa0	makeutil	1	All-Hands Person
aisa0	karma	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
aisa0	ioftpd	1	Project Manager
aisaac0	docutils	0	Developer
aisaeed	tm4	1	Project Manager
aisaeed	spotfinder	1	Developer
aisaeed	madam-db	1	No specific role
aisaeed	madam-interface	1	No specific role
aisaeed	mev-tm4	1	Project Manager
aisaeed	midas-tm4	1	No specific role
aisaeed	amp11	1	Developer
aisaka	mpscore	1	Developer
aisaka	kolmogorov	0	No specific role
aisen	libscreentext	1	Unix Admin
aishafenton	uwadv	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
aishdas	cheshbon	1	No specific role
aishen944	linuxget	1	No specific role
aishvaryap	smartprint	1	No specific role
aishvaryap	hivesys	1	No specific role
aisland	x-mus	0	Developer
aisman	ketm-gg	0	No specific role
aisotton	dmozeditor	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
aisotton	winpp	1	No specific role
aisotton	archivix	1	Developer
aisrael	tlc	1	No specific role
aisrael	mindoro	1	No specific role
aissakoo	ipscalc	1	No specific role
aissakoo	winwol	1	No specific role
aissakoo	delold	1	No specific role
aist1	remotegrid	1	No specific role
aistu	bacteryalife	1	No specific role
ait0z	eightball	1	No specific role
aitch	holidaytool	1	No specific role
aitcoin	saraswati	1	No specific role
aitf	amvpn	1	No specific role
aithir	lima-markup	1	No specific role
aitonfrere	tbots	0	Developer
aitor	esxoops	0	Developer
aitorch	dnscontrol	1	No specific role
aitorgaray	hdot264	0	Developer
aitorgarcia	dbmt	1	All-Hands Person
aitormoreno	videomanlib	0	Developer
aitorsm	freedos	1	Project Manager
aitorsm	fd-doc	1	All-Hands Person
aitor_almeida	emi2lets	1	No specific role
aitproject	imv	0	No specific role
aittner	arquimedes	0	No specific role
aittner	lua-gd	1	No specific role
aittner	lsp2html	1	No specific role
aittner	wikisked	1	No specific role
aitvo	fusiongs	1	No specific role
aitvo	tcpawsrvr	1	No specific role
aityz	mpodo-project	0	Graphic/Other Designer
aiue3	chimaira-xion	1	No specific role
aiur2	virtue	0	Developer
aiursarge2k	footothebar	1	No specific role
aiv	quarkplusplus	0	Developer
aiv	quark	0	Developer
aivanoff	kernel-i18n	1	No specific role
aivarannamaa	kalkar	1	No specific role
aivarannamaa	bolero	1	No specific role
aivarannamaa	noor	1	No specific role
aivils	linuxconsole	0	Developer
aiwen	poly-son	1	Project Manager
aiwiz	pmsgsystem	1	No specific role
aiwiz	tinebull	1	No specific role
aixccapt99	gobo	0	Developer
aixcept	opensymphony	0	Developer
aixela	mp3act2	1	Project Manager
aixhost	shadow-cms	1	Project Manager
aixinjueluo	swpf	0	Developer
aixmeister	beusmotd	1	No specific role
aixmeister	beusgallery	1	No specific role
aixzhk	jadima	0	Developer
aiyume	tmtools	1	No specific role
aizika	ccnet	0	Developer
aizvorski	cochleal	1	No specific role
aizvorski	h264bitstream	1	No specific role
aizvorski	mubench	1	No specific role
ai_giovanni_ia	ai-standards	0	No specific role
ai_spring	sigmakee	0	Developer
ai_wintermute	noxwizard	0	Developer
aj-nevado	mobile-game-is	0	Developer
aj1	robotsim	1	No specific role
aj1	theintegrator	1	No specific role
aj1	funkyrobotics	1	No specific role
aj1	openengineer	1	Developer
aj187	stepmania	0	Graphic/Other Designer
aj2	transmessaging	1	Developer
aj2	wssecit	1	Developer
aj2776	grabster	1	No specific role
aj2776	ascii-mercury	1	No specific role
aj3	narvik	1	No specific role
ajacoutotsf	syspatch	0	Developer
ajacque	guerillatactics	0	Web Designer
ajaeger	lsb	0	Developer
ajaeger	xemacs	0	No specific role
ajai_shankar	multimethod-net	1	No specific role
ajakowpa	aaf	0	Developer
ajaksu	xoopsbrasil	0	All-Hands Person
ajaksu	interlingua	0	No specific role
ajalkane	kadc	1	No specific role
ajalkane	rvhouse	1	No specific role
ajalkane	libdht	1	Project Manager
ajalkane	libreudp	1	Developer
ajalpha	bridgecon	0	Developer
ajandersen	openwbem	0	Developer
ajanicij	opencom	0	No specific role
ajanicij	babylonlib	1	All-Hands Person
ajanicij	dostxt	1	No specific role
ajanki	ffetch	1	No specific role
ajanki	gatos	0	Developer
ajankowska	scmws	0	Developer
ajanta	ajantamedsuite	1	No specific role
ajanth	chainsocks	1	No specific role
ajanthan	desivibes	1	Requirements Engineering
ajanthan	tamilkazaa	1	No specific role
ajapted	humidity	1	Developer
ajapted	glbsp	1	Developer
ajapted	glhack	1	Developer
ajapted	oblige	1	Project Manager
ajapted	edge	1	Project Manager
ajapted	transimf	1	Project Manager
ajapted	browserhack	1	Developer
ajare	the-rabbit-run	0	No specific role
ajaristi	jdbcmanager	0	Developer
ajarthurs	eia	0	Developer
ajasper	lcdex	0	Developer
ajaspers	phpaimprofile	1	Project Manager
ajavaguru	jrealms	1	Project Manager
ajavaguru	jlauncher	1	No specific role
ajaxcn	ajax-dev-lib	0	Developer
ajaxforms	ajaxforms	1	No specific role
ajaxforms	jscore	1	No specific role
ajaxforms	usersmanager	1	No specific role
ajaxforms	xpath	1	No specific role
ajaxmedia	ajaxmedia	1	No specific role
ajaxol	ajaxol	1	No specific role
ajaxq	ajaxq	1	No specific role
ajaxx	dri	0	No specific role
ajaxx	r300	0	Developer
ajax_lonestar	freagair-ajax	1	No specific role
ajay516	fpse	1	No specific role
ajay516	ovd	1	No specific role
ajaya	foih	0	Developer
ajaybhutani	dsentity	0	Developer
ajayd	berryreader	1	No specific role
ajayd	imgamoeba	1	No specific role
ajayd	transconnect	1	No specific role
ajayd	mediacast	1	No specific role
ajaydaryanani	underthecarpet	0	Developer
ajaygautam	yajul	0	Developer
ajaygautam	zdesktop	1	No specific role
ajaygrover	jtransplant	0	Developer
ajaygupta	sugarcrm	0	Developer
ajayiyengar	ono	1	Developer
ajayjadhav	oneax	0	Project Manager
ajaykumarkg	elibman	0	Developer
ajaykumarns	jgarudaeditor	1	No specific role
ajaykumarns	spandhana	1	No specific role
ajaykumarns	flightofosiris	1	No specific role
ajaymahale	gsm-link	0	Developer
ajaymartin	xml2xml	1	No specific role
ajaypatel	ccbs	1	No specific role
ajayrockrock	phpslash	0	No specific role
ajays	jocr	0	Developer
ajay_chandra	sloppyadm	0	Developer
ajay_choudhary	printmail	0	Developer
ajay_m	bcr2000control	1	No specific role
aja_	berusky1	1	No specific role
ajbarnes	free2bind	0	No specific role
ajbauer	speedyhmi	1	No specific role
ajbeamon	mooch	0	Developer
ajbibb	lx-viewer	1	Project Manager
ajbibb	kosmos	1	Developer
ajbiv	ojbc	1	Developer
ajbj	nedit	0	No specific role
ajbodoc	javaclipper	1	No specific role
ajboehmler	ioscript	1	No specific role
ajborla	pleac	0	Developer
ajbuchmann	mgis	0	Developer
ajburton	astrolognet	1	No specific role
ajbuxton	balzac	0	Developer
ajbuxton	s1ice	0	Tester
ajb_stormhawk	infogrep	1	Project Manager
ajb_stormhawk	panthera-bot	1	Project Manager
ajb_stormhawk	chaosshell	1	Project Manager
ajc	xemacs	1	No specific role
ajcantu	ramp	0	All-Hands Person
ajcantu	cube42sysframe	0	Developer
ajcantu	phboard	0	Developer
ajcduggan	freetype	0	No specific role
ajch	amail	0	No specific role
ajchen	web2x	1	No specific role
ajchung	emvise	1	No specific role
ajclinto	ray	0	Developer
ajcompany	gotpi	1	No specific role
ajcompany	activelock	0	No specific role
ajcompany	cubedev	1	No specific role
ajcoon	pypics	1	No specific role
ajcreo	exil	0	No specific role
ajcrm125	flukeem	1	No specific role
ajd24	tikiwiki	0	No specific role
ajd777	l-a-s	1	No specific role
ajdavis	ipinspector	1	Project Manager
ajdegans	zeroblog	1	No specific role
ajdiperla	vbtocconv	1	No specific role
ajdiperla	scummdev	1	No specific role
ajdiperla	linloadervm	1	No specific role
ajdiperla	opensage	1	No specific role
ajdonnison	linpos	1	Project Manager
ajdonnison	dothelp	0	Developer
ajdonnison	dotproject	1	Project Manager
ajdonnison	dotmods	1	Project Manager
ajdorta	ompscr	1	No specific role
ajdranse	lag	0	Developer
ajduncan_1	chisel	1	No specific role
ajeannopoulos	replaypc	0	Developer
ajeh	zencart	1	Developer
ajehanne	wbxmllib	1	Developer
ajehanne	happycoders	1	No specific role
ajeje	wmcd	1	No specific role
ajene	opencustomer	0	Developer
ajenny	hugin	0	Developer
ajeremy	mp3elf	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
ajerke	nclassify	1	No specific role
ajeru	patgenj	1	No specific role
ajeru	scidocn6	1	Project Manager
ajeru	f2f	1	Project Manager
ajesse	jsf-comp	1	No specific role
ajetam	nocc	0	Developer
ajevic	springnet	0	Developer
ajey	vitaran	1	No specific role
ajey	ccnet	0	No specific role
ajfitt	iterproc	1	No specific role
ajfitzpatrick	belts	0	Developer
ajg	agt	1	Project Manager
ajg	cack	1	No specific role
ajh16	banlaen	1	Graphic/Other Designer
ajh84	dijimarc	1	Unix Admin
ajherr	cnen	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
ajhood	nedit	0	Developer
ajiaojr	woodpecker	1	Project Manager
ajiaojr	joyce	1	Project Manager
ajie0112	csengine	0	Developer
ajimenez	panorama	1	No specific role
ajinimc	bloggervalley	0	Developer
ajinimc	wordpress-mu	1	No specific role
ajinivm	janonymizer	1	No specific role
ajitabhpandey	lost	0	Developer
ajitdharmik	freephone	0	Analysis / Design
ajithapai	mathstudio	0	Developer
ajithranabahu	sahana	0	Developer
ajitnarayanan	apwl	0	Developer
ajitnet	mdxpad2000	1	No specific role
ajitnet	mdxpad2005	1	No specific role
ajitomatix	egal	1	Project Manager
ajitomatix	hyperart	1	No specific role
ajitpasi	diduce	0	No specific role
ajitwar	ajexplorer	1	No specific role
ajitwar	abl2001	1	No specific role
ajitwar	cipsoftware	1	No specific role
ajit_aranha	sapforge	1	Developer
ajit_balan	bugit	1	No specific role
ajit_kamat	ogl-es	0	No specific role
ajit_kamat	a-muse-3d	1	No specific role
ajit_sf	mudgala	1	No specific role
ajiverson	vhi	1	Developer
ajjahagirdar	svgaengine	1	No specific role
ajjahagirdar	stove	1	No specific role
ajjahagirdar	stl-sl	1	No specific role
ajjulian65	mambo-es	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
ajk	catdvi	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
ajk	gzigzag	1	No specific role
ajk265	goption	1	Developer
ajk265	dockboard	1	Project Manager
ajk265	openldev	1	Developer
ajkadam	pragma	1	Project Manager
ajkenned	microview	1	Developer
ajkessel	grassview	1	Developer
ajkr	dynamic	1	Developer
ajkunen	chard	1	No specific role
ajlaird	book-man	0	No specific role
ajlarson	smartnet	0	Developer
ajlohr270	ccursor	0	No specific role
ajlohr270	hgengine	0	No specific role
ajlopez	ajgenesis	1	No specific role
ajlopez	ajserver	1	No specific role
ajlopez	ajstorm	1	No specific role
ajlopez	ajbasic	1	No specific role
ajlopez	ajportal	1	No specific role
ajlopez	mvpos	0	Developer
ajlowe	xsi	1	No specific role
ajmacher	icu	0	Developer
ajmacias	qvir	1	No specific role
ajman105	atomsmasher	1	No specific role
ajmartin	invoiceonline	1	Project Manager
ajmas	jrsync	1	No specific role
ajmas	jd3lib	0	No specific role
ajmas	dnax	1	No specific role
ajmas	osj-pt	1	No specific role
ajmilton	wow-screenie	1	No specific role
ajmitch	oucc	0	Developer
ajmitch	dcl	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
ajmitch	scrappy	1	Project Manager
ajmitch	cathnet	1	No specific role
ajmitch	gstreamer	0	Developer
ajmitch	phpgroupware	0	Developer
ajmitzel	ajmitzel	1	No specific role
ajmmartinez	qmailinst	1	No specific role
ajniemi	shpam	1	No specific role
ajoe	jding	1	Developer
ajohansen	getmp3gui	1	No specific role
ajohnson_src	leos	1	Project Manager
ajolad	unh-iscsi	0	No specific role
ajolivet	babel-net	1	No specific role
ajolma	libral	1	No specific role
ajones	libswt	0	Developer
ajones	grapevine	1	Project Manager
ajones	irate	1	Project Manager
ajoo	jfunctional	1	No specific role
ajoo	jparsec	1	No specific role
ajoo	jaskell	1	No specific role
ajoo	worker	1	No specific role
ajoo	yan	1	No specific role
ajoo	neptunej	1	No specific role
ajoo	gill	1	Developer
ajoo	cgn	1	No specific role
ajor	pdl	0	Developer
ajordan	bigsister	0	Developer
ajordens	sashimi	0	Developer
ajordens	mzviz	1	No specific role
ajosey	lsb	0	No specific role
ajoynandi	copcomp	0	Developer
ajp23	swimcms	1	Developer
ajp23	familysite	1	Project Manager
ajpainter	evekill	0	Developer
ajpalm	ataparty	0	Developer
ajpatter	ndbe	1	Developer
ajpatter	sourceworf	1	No specific role
ajpotter	harmonyphysik	1	No specific role
ajps	quota	1	Developer
ajr	pikview	1	No specific role
ajr4	scijax	1	Project Manager
ajr4	fphdb	1	Developer
ajr4	msi	1	No specific role
ajra	uliks	0	No specific role
ajrachiele	muquiz	0	Developer
ajramire	x3p	1	No specific role
ajrap2	anotherbb	1	No specific role
ajreed	gtkprint	1	No specific role
ajrhee	openhealth	0	Developer
ajrm	satscheme	1	Developer
ajrw-cywolf	ika	0	Developer
ajrw-cywolf	sugarcrm	0	No specific role
ajs	pps	1	No specific role
ajs15822	omniathena	0	Developer
ajs17	simpliphy	1	No specific role
ajs17	zoomifyimage	1	No specific role
ajs17	digdocdb	1	No specific role
ajs84	korale	1	Project Manager
ajs84	ultrazig	1	No specific role
ajsalminen	mozfin	1	All-Hands Person
ajsalminen	libnux	1	Project Manager
ajschorr	xmlgawk	1	Developer
ajsecord	libvoronoi	1	No specific role
ajselvig	pyllar	1	No specific role
ajselvig	aavalanche	1	No specific role
ajseward	bedevere	1	No specific role
ajseward	pymat	1	No specific role
ajsimon	sct-cantera	1	Developer
ajsmith	bopm	1	Developer
ajsmith	harlequin	0	Developer
ajsoftuk	cboot	1	No specific role
ajsommer	klubstar	1	No specific role
ajsouza	er-net-spider	1	No specific role
ajspence	mosestoolsuite	0	Developer
ajspina	iptag	1	No specific role
ajspina	simquery	1	No specific role
ajstephens	tipc	1	Developer
ajsvin	jmanage	0	Developer
ajtavakoli	ajmath	1	No specific role
ajuba	swingpix	1	Developer
ajubdeen	conceptvista	0	Developer
ajubdeen	geovistastudio	0	Developer
ajuckel	eclipseejb	1	No specific role
ajuda	jlatin	1	No specific role
ajulliard	wine	1	Project Manager
ajung	textindexng	1	No specific role
ajung	plone	0	Developer
ajung	plone-i18n	0	Developer
ajung	archetypes	0	Developer
ajung	pystemmer	1	No specific role
ajung	pyrecode	1	No specific role
ajung	pysablot	1	No specific role
ajung	docutils	0	Developer
ajung	collective	1	Project Manager
ajung	cmfcollectorng	1	No specific role
ajupiter	opentlk	1	Project Manager
ajura	textadventure	0	No specific role
ajurjens	sokath	1	No specific role
ajutla	directrix	1	No specific role
ajv	osda	1	No specific role
ajv	owasp	1	All-Hands Person
ajv	pnm2ppa	1	All-Hands Person
ajv	gaiabb	1	No specific role
ajv	securevnc	1	No specific role
ajvdvegt	webgift	1	Developer
ajvdvegt	ilohamail	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
ajvdvegt	gnome-nl	0	All-Hands Person
ajvol	gtk-im-extra	0	No specific role
ajvol	im-esperanto	1	No specific role
ajvol	wikipedia	0	Developer
ajvwaay	myphpnuke	1	Project Manager
ajw219	id3dotnet	1	No specific role
ajwans	cppisf	1	No specific role
ajwans	ebayagent	1	No specific role
ajwatson	adage4	1	No specific role
ajwelch	easytransformer	1	Project Manager
ajwelch	checkxml	1	No specific role
ajwelch	testxslt	1	No specific role
ajwelch	kernowforsaxon	1	No specific role
ajwm	cavor	1	No specific role
ajwm	cosy	1	Project Manager
ajz	mpc860sar	1	No specific role
ajz	mpc8360sar	1	No specific role
ajz	mpc8260sar	1	No specific role
ajz	ixp425	1	Developer
aj_genius	spiralmodular	0	Developer
aj_genius	smooth-engine	1	No specific role
aj_siegel	pygeo	1	Project Manager
ak-shader	glsl-mode	1	No specific role
ak108	yabb	0	Developer
ak1146	juk	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
ak1394	bookshelf	1	No specific role
ak19	dresden-ocl	0	No specific role
ak1rr	msftpd	0	Developer
ak47surve	qikblogger	1	No specific role
ak65535	phpseed	0	Developer
ak65535	vgames	0	No specific role
ak65535	veillo	1	No specific role
ak65535	xneur	1	Developer
ak65535	slicklinux	0	No specific role
ak67	perl-pdf	0	Developer
aka	exordium	0	No specific role
aka-alias	reflect-xml	1	No specific role
aka-tony	nag	0	Developer
aka123	advids	1	No specific role
aka123	squirm-ads	1	No specific role
aka50	ichat	1	No specific role
aka50	libevt	1	No specific role
aka50	jaydaemon	0	Developer
aka50	dfdaemon	1	No specific role
akabanov	mobadventure	1	No specific role
akabugeyes	sfs-bb	0	No specific role
akabugeyes	akjay	1	Developer
akachanov	tomcatbook	0	Doc Writer
akachanov	tomcatbookru	1	No specific role
akacharya	keyd	1	No specific role
akacia	akacia	1	No specific role
akacz	serenal	1	No specific role
akadajet	zgame	1	No specific role
akaelin	ili2sql	0	No specific role
akaelin	ibito	1	No specific role
akaelin	symboleditor	1	No specific role
akafazov	osci-simulator	1	No specific role
akafred	xradar	1	Project Manager
akafurious	cvista	1	No specific role
akagdk	genesisdevice	1	Developer
akagi	asportal	0	Developer
akaihola	icepodder	0	Developer
akaihola	plonecaptcha	0	Developer
akainz	piuframework	0	Developer
akaiser	biodom	0	No specific role
akakunin	emforge	1	No specific role
akale	kgdb	1	No specific role
akaleem	openpesq	1	No specific role
akalin	boost	0	Developer
akalingking	opensipstack	0	No specific role
akallio	sdoctor	1	No specific role
akalsey	zempt	1	No specific role
akalsey	mtamazon	1	No specific role
akalufya	kkk-tuwasiliane	1	No specific role
akalufya	gbif	1	Developer
akam	mitopensource	0	No specific role
akamanny	openfxmw	0	No specific role
akamedeiros	promimport	1	Developer
akamedeiros	prom	0	Developer
akameswaran	aneuronalnet	1	No specific role
akamil	lladd	0	No specific role
akamit	openpnl	0	No specific role
akamsteeg	highlightsource	1	No specific role
akamua	routeruler	1	Project Manager
akamua	mymaps	1	Developer
akan	openappbuilder	0	No specific role
akananov	oraschemadoc	1	No specific role
akanarya	oobeg	1	Developer
akanarya	care2002	0	Requirements Engineering
akanellis	xenger	1	No specific role
akanin	hgshard	1	Project Manager
akano	mupolis	1	No specific role
akanowicz	mhweblog	0	No specific role
akap	adaptiveplan	1	Developer
akapanamajack	aatrade	1	Developer
akapanamajack	adodblite	1	No specific role
akapanamajack	templatelite	1	No specific role
akapav	ilm-lib	1	No specific role
akaplan	jedit	0	No specific role
akapusti	carl-lib	1	No specific role
akapusti	pl2	1	No specific role
akapusti	splcomp	1	No specific role
akapusti	ngoff	1	No specific role
akaracsony	opencarton	1	No specific role
akarasulu	openrms	1	No specific role
akarasulu	ldapd	1	All-Hands Person
akard	jbsse	0	Developer
akard	zephirion	0	Developer
akarhu	freescorecard	1	No specific role
akari	fbmuck	0	Developer
akari	beipplugins	1	Project Manager
akari	protomuck	1	Project Manager
akarjakina	xanswer	0	Developer
akarjala	flexiprefsj	1	No specific role
akarjala	flexipump	1	No specific role
akarlsberger	aibob	0	Developer
akarpowicz	dotnetopensrc	0	Developer
akartmann	ndumbster	1	No specific role
akartmann	xwiki	0	No specific role
akasata	kodougu	1	No specific role
akaser	nynok	1	No specific role
akashkava	jspcart	1	No specific role
akashm	natak3d	1	No specific role
akashmavle	solversasfa	1	No specific role
akash_malhotra	openwsman	0	Developer
akaspari	yale	0	No specific role
akaspari	nemoz	1	No specific role
akaspari	pysol-osx	1	No specific role
akasper	xmltraverse	1	Developer
akassahun	openqti	1	No specific role
akassahun	simple-java-xml	1	No specific role
akassim	itas	1	Developer
akatebi	jbgp	1	No specific role
akatebi	da-vinci	1	No specific role
akatopaz	jnetdev	1	No specific role
akaufman	scandiff	1	No specific role
akaufman	kleio	1	No specific role
akauppi	luacheia	0	No specific role
akauppi	nslu	0	Developer
akauppi	mea	1	No specific role
akaur	diameter	0	Developer
akavel	netpaint	1	No specific role
akavel	libjarl	1	Project Manager
akavel	borsuk	1	Developer
akavitha123	ranpass	0	Developer
akawaka	sdldoc	1	No specific role
akawaka	kgb	1	Developer
akawaka	gltron	0	No specific role
akazik	phpico	1	No specific role
akazik	maxuae	1	No specific role
aka_dirt	joebot	0	Developer
aka_vince	fadz	1	No specific role
akb1374	pgmfi	0	Developer
akbar1	mlagen	0	Tester
akbar1	link4	1	No specific role
akbar123	ambient	0	Developer
akbar33	minibrowse	0	Developer
akbaraka	bagz	0	No specific role
akbarilla	dynaphp	0	No specific role
akbarpour	hol	0	Developer
akber	urdu	1	No specific role
akbollu	javagroups	0	Developer
akbuluto	rakun	1	Developer
akchu	bacnet	0	Developer
akchyan	zcore	1	No specific role
akd	crossweb	0	No specific role
akdab	footom	1	No specific role
akdmia	tuxguitar	1	No specific role
akdmks	articles	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
ake752	univ-timetable	1	Developer
akeb	adtoolkit	1	No specific role
akede	tosmo	1	All-Hands Person
akede	mambelfish	1	No specific role
akef	cerberus-auc	1	No specific role
akeif	cnchess	1	Developer
akeif	sr4tools	1	No specific role
akelavlk	webcomp	1	Project Manager
akemde	r4proteomics	0	Developer
akemnade	wirelessrope	1	Developer
akempo	self-study	1	No specific role
akempo	spammerhammer	1	No specific role
akendall	collective	0	Developer
akendall	bluebook	1	Project Manager
akennis-oss	jposloader	0	No specific role
akerasi	irate	0	No specific role
akerasi	scalywag	1	No specific role
akersmc	safarisucker	1	No specific role
akersmc	drinkmixer	1	No specific role
akersmc	nsfortune	1	No specific role
akesla	content-type	1	No specific role
akesla	md3-viewer	1	No specific role
akesselaar	chronus	1	Project Manager
aketzu	poolfxp	1	No specific role
akey	xtractor	1	No specific role
akey	akrip	1	No specific role
akey	jmbase	1	No specific role
akey_liburn	geflo	0	No specific role
akgupta	xmltk	0	No specific role
akhaira	sevs	1	Project Manager
akhalid	fugu	0	Developer
akhalikov	mvc2php	1	No specific role
akhammon	j2ddice	1	No specific role
akharkev	aaf	0	Developer
akhavi	tptest	0	No specific role
akhavr	python-nsis	1	No specific role
akhdaniel	openbravo	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
akhdaniel	care2002	0	Developer
akhe	can	1	Developer
akhe	canopen	0	Developer
akhe	activex	1	Project Manager
akhe	eda	1	Project Manager
akhenat	webuylug	0	Developer
akheron	dpbb	1	All-Hands Person
akheron	excursion	1	Developer
akheron	luamm	1	Project Manager
akhilesh	care2002	0	Tester
akhileshk	xtendedxsd	0	No specific role
akhilleus	sqlmailbackend	1	Project Manager
akhilman	ribkit	1	Developer
akhiro12	bbg	1	No specific role
akhlah	moreh	1	No specific role
akhmad_f	kbfx	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
akhmad_f	hesti	1	No specific role
akhomerun	im-java	1	Project Manager
akhopkar	sysmantra	0	Developer
akhopkar	bs4j	0	Developer
akhorahill	nsd	1	No specific role
akhost	doov	0	Developer
akhoundi	ehomeconfig	0	Developer
akhtet	uniburma	1	Developer
akia	winserver	1	No specific role
akia	opensourcekit	1	No specific role
akia	linuxexpress	1	No specific role
akiaki007	dotgrid	0	Developer
akiernan	setoolkit	0	Developer
akiesel	portrookies	0	Developer
akig	lkst	1	Project Manager
akihabara	pkgsrc-wip	0	No specific role
akilalleyne	dex-os	0	Web Designer
akiles	gsl-optcamp	1	No specific role
akiles	ool	1	Project Manager
akiles	pantheon	1	Project Manager
akilles690	paperboy	0	No specific role
akimov_alexey	perlorm	1	All-Hands Person
akimov_alexey	aora	1	No specific role
akin	dri	0	Developer
akin	glean	1	Project Manager
akinak	planetlab	0	No specific role
akindemir	chatlack	0	Developer
akinf	openmms	0	No specific role
aking1012	abreeze	1	No specific role
akingkdd	bnj	0	Developer
akiniemi	sofia-sip	0	No specific role
akiniemi	gaim-kiss	1	No specific role
akinnie	steamweasel	0	Developer
akinobu	usbvision	1	All-Hands Person
akinsgre	nautomaint	1	No specific role
akinsgre	jadetower	0	No specific role
akinsgre	jugsoft	0	Developer
akir	tablaunch	0	Developer
akir	fluxbox	0	Developer
akir	gkrellm-mld	1	Project Manager
akir	gkrellm-imonc	1	Project Manager
akira-	irisde	1	Developer
akira-	factor7d4	1	No specific role
akirachaplin	akirachaplin	1	No specific role
akirakozov	epicurus	1	Developer
akiraohgaki	flooer	1	No specific role
akiras	omniprint	0	Developer
akirasan83	macdcpp	0	Developer
akira_ag	lineargs	1	No specific role
akira_ag	ofsm	1	No specific role
akira_ag	bnotes	1	No specific role
akira_amano2005	simbio	1	Project Manager
akira_b	kob	1	No specific role
akira_b	kon	0	Graphic/Other Designer
akireddyravi	xfilters	1	No specific role
akirilus	sigmoid	0	Developer
akirjavainen	specrem	1	Project Manager
akirmak	thecube	1	No specific role
akirox	errare	1	Developer
akirschbaum	gridarta	1	Project Manager
akirschbaum	daimonin	0	Developer
akirschbaum	crossfire	0	No specific role
akirschbaum	japi	0	Developer
akis10	alcomacco	0	No specific role
akis10	agileplanner	0	Developer
akiskapo	open-sh	1	No specific role
akissinger	bddshell	1	Developer
akitabright	ajaxometer	1	Developer
akitabright	asteriskadmin	1	Developer
akitabright	ofp	1	No specific role
akitabright	buildsys	1	All-Hands Person
akitabright	libtek	1	No specific role
akitacat	accesschecker	0	No specific role
akitanoek	ajaxometer	1	Project Manager
akitanoek	buildsys	1	Developer
akitaos	akita-idp	1	Unix Admin
akitaos	akita	1	No specific role
akitogo	cfimap-cfc	0	Developer
akiton	psi	1	Developer
akivacorp	madrid	1	No specific role
akivacorp	silk-project	1	No specific role
akivajunior	elitecore	0	Developer
aki_koskinen	jtexsynth	1	Project Manager
akk142	thonims	0	No specific role
akkada	akkada	1	No specific role
akkana	sitescooper	0	Developer
akkinenirajesh	objecttree	1	No specific role
akkucis	webtreecms	1	No specific role
akkumar	wxnurbs	1	No specific role
akkumar	jrevpro	1	Developer
akkumar	fl-arc-glwindow	1	No specific role
akkumar	byteml	1	No specific role
akkumar	svgphp	1	No specific role
akkumar	ant-doxygen	1	Developer
akkurt	msavings	1	No specific role
akl-	pgpndevcom	1	No specific role
aklee6	ucfauv	1	No specific role
akleine	ming	0	Developer
aklemm	transom	1	All-Hands Person
aklemm	mathforge	1	Analysis / Design
aklenke	syllable	0	Developer
aklimets	jedit	0	Developer
aklimets	pasamuf	1	Developer
aklimets	docsynch	1	No specific role
aklink	tool	1	No specific role
aklt	linguist-grid	1	Developer
aklyachkin	nnfc	1	All-Hands Person
akm	zbox	1	No specific role
akm	exuserfolder	1	All-Hands Person
akm05	tamarin	0	Developer
akmad	sharptorrent	1	No specific role
akmal88	zclipse	0	No specific role
akmal88	propsorter	1	Project Manager
akmathur	jamis	0	No specific role
akmel	gsp1	1	Project Manager
akmilleriu	jeac	0	Developer
akmu	swaste	0	Web Designer
aknar	stammer	0	No specific role
aknecht	the-egg	1	No specific role
aknight33	no-sod	0	Web Designer
aknp2	promise-plm	1	No specific role
ako2k	fs-fuchs	0	Developer
akobashikawa	kcdbtest	1	No specific role
akobashikawa	kcwiki	1	No specific role
akobets	expressos	1	Developer
akoc	peeranha42	0	No specific role
akochetov	oedt	1	All-Hands Person
akochetov	sqlt	1	Project Manager
akochlaan	facelets	0	Tester
akochoi	mac-emacs	1	No specific role
akochoi	carbon-xemacs	1	No specific role
akoenig	tetherball	0	No specific role
akoerb	cdexchanger	0	Developer
akoese	gpu	1	Developer
akoev	opensso	0	Developer
akoewler	aerth-mud	1	No specific role
akoguz	galacticwars	1	Project Manager
akokchai	advmidlet	1	No specific role
akolar	windrushersnet	1	No specific role
akolasny	blox	0	Tester
akolk	simora	0	No specific role
akoller	utool	1	No specific role
akolliop	jscorch	0	Developer
akoma	osj-pt	1	No specific role
akomakom	dtgraph	1	No specific role
akomic	chrootbin	1	No specific role
akomic	nfdc	1	No specific role
akomic	mea-suljpa	1	No specific role
akomic	forkthumb	1	No specific role
akompanek	silktools	1	No specific role
akon	gfs4fbsd	0	Developer
akonermann	dresden-ocl	0	Developer
akonstan	netcallback	1	No specific role
akonsu	sndobj	0	Developer
akool	vdr-analogtv	1	Developer
akool	rates4linux	1	Project Manager
akorenkov	mrta	1	No specific role
akornick	rpgsql	0	Developer
akorolyov	digi	0	All-Hands Person
akorompai	ori	1	Developer
akorostel	mpc-engine	1	No specific role
akorty	pam-ssh	1	Project Manager
akos	viperinz	1	No specific role
akos	tclce	1	Developer
akos	brag	1	No specific role
akosdudas	havaj-kinder	1	Project Manager
akosma	nteam	0	No specific role
akostop	neitris	1	No specific role
akosut	ncid	0	Developer
akosut	zephyrchat	1	Developer
akouz	c-fvm	1	No specific role
akou_dev	budiik	0	No specific role
akou_dev	legion-tbmsg	0	Developer
akovac	hptalx	0	Developer
akowalczyk	amigaone-linux	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
akowanda	opet	0	Developer
akozak	modernphoenix	1	Developer
akozar	csound	0	Developer
akozar	bolprocessor	1	Project Manager
akozar	amber	0	No specific role
akozar	am1-synthesizer	1	Project Manager
akozlovsky	pony	1	No specific role
akozmic	palmboardroom	1	Developer
akozubek	jhive	0	No specific role
akp	javamail-crypto	1	No specific role
akp	pooka	1	All-Hands Person
akp982	e107helpplug	1	Project Manager
akpb	wordog	0	Support Manager
akpm	gkernel	0	Developer
akquach	ece354rtx	1	Developer
akr	gonzui	0	Developer
akr	viewcvs	0	Developer
akr	zsh	0	No specific role
akr	ruby	0	Developer
akrabat	ourcms	0	Developer
akraievoy	simplistic-orm	1	No specific role
akraievoy	ddsmodeling	1	No specific role
akram	femail	1	No specific role
akram	tftpmulticast	1	No specific role
akram-blouza	pre-ontologies	1	No specific role
akram9k	nexusbox	1	Project Manager
akrassavine	cdk	0	Developer
akrassavine	jchempaint	0	Developer
akrauss	dyndns2nslookup	1	No specific role
akretio	kapere	1	No specific role
akretio	akutus	1	No specific role
akretsch	ss2006	0	Developer
akriegisch	pycalendargen	0	Developer
akriegisch	vuurmuur	0	Developer
akrisak	ichat	0	Developer
akrisak	bochs	0	Developer
akrito	trackerfs	1	No specific role
akrjukov	rc-fw	1	No specific role
akrobate	mynukegenealogy	1	Project Manager
akrocks	aaini	1	No specific role
akroonmaa	squid	0	Developer
akroston	openamf	0	Developer
akrueger	epaleditor	0	Developer
akryukov	xwingreek	1	No specific role
aksammy	tau	0	No specific role
aksamy	singleobject	0	No specific role
aksergey	cairngormflex	1	No specific role
aksfrge	faxteergrube	1	No specific role
aksha	rimbalinux	0	Web Designer
aksha	idman	1	No specific role
akshatgupta	cranks	0	No specific role
akshath	sockettest	1	No specific role
akshath	quickserver	1	Project Manager
akshaye01	cornucopia	1	Developer
akshaye01	fswrap	1	Developer
akshayedhawan	statistica	1	Developer
akshayevasudev	wapim	1	No specific role
akshayevasudev	treelist	1	No specific role
akshayl	alchemi	1	Developer
akshayrawat	ant-tools	1	No specific role
akshayrawat	durantiamp	1	No specific role
akshayrawat	psniff	1	No specific role
akshays	sqlservercomdr	1	No specific role
akshay_vjti	voice2voice	0	Developer
akshun_j	laptoplinux	1	Project Manager
akstebbens	data-showtable	1	No specific role
aks_lead	aksdna	1	No specific role
aktarus1973	gastronomia	1	Developer
aktion-hip	vif	1	No specific role
aktion-hip	relations-rcp	1	No specific role
aktivate	aktivatetodo	1	No specific role
aktivemedia	aktivemedia	1	Project Manager
akturus	panoramx	1	Developer
aktxyz	jwds	1	No specific role
akubeg	sql2mail	0	Developer
akuchling	pycrypto	1	Developer
akuchling	py-howto	1	No specific role
akuchling	pypi	1	Project Manager
akuchling	oedipus	1	No specific role
akuchling	docutils	0	Developer
akuchling	zodb	1	No specific role
akuchling	ht2html	0	No specific role
akuchling	python	0	No specific role
akuchling	pyxml	1	No specific role
akuehl	limbas	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
akuehne	sirius-sign	1	No specific role
akuehne	xots	1	Project Manager
akuehntopf	taskpile	1	No specific role
akuhlo	quickhttp	1	No specific role
akuhrwahl	jsf-spring	1	Project Manager
akuit	roxs	1	No specific role
akujin	doa	1	No specific role
akukec	ikev2	1	Developer
akuketayev	dap2	1	No specific role
akuketayev	ax2e	1	No specific role
akukhairul	keepass	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
akukula	pymssql	1	Project Manager
akulakov	ubermq	0	No specific role
akumar0	eservices	1	Project Manager
akumar03	okiproject	0	No specific role
akumm	cwandocal	0	No specific role
akundirenko	tlib	1	No specific role
akuns	blue	1	Project Manager
akunzle	storytime	1	All-Hands Person
akunzle	xprc	1	Developer
akuorela	jreleaser	0	Developer
akura01	darkagesemu	0	No specific role
akurahattocary	iptbb	1	No specific role
akuranov	opencvlibrary	0	Developer
akurtakov	solareclipse	0	Developer
akurtakov	hula	0	Developer
akurtz	care2002	0	Developer
akurz	kbdbabel	1	No specific role
akurz	ktoblzcheck	0	Developer
akuster	kernelbook	0	No specific role
akuster	sdio-linux	1	No specific role
akutz	regxtesteraddin	1	No specific role
akutz	wtsapi32net	1	No specific role
akutz	exrss	1	No specific role
akutz	vish2	1	No specific role
akutz	handykey	1	No specific role
akutz	sudowin	1	All-Hands Person
akuz	gfactory	0	Developer
akuznets	profugus	1	No specific role
akuznetsov	unistat	0	Developer
akva	dexlib	0	Developer
akvavitix	syntaxviewer	1	No specific role
akw	ibm-acpi	1	Developer
akw	zd1211	0	Developer
akw	jfritz	1	No specific role
akwong	pslash	0	Developer
akwright	scadasafe	1	No specific role
akwt2	enterprise	1	Developer
akx	fphack	1	No specific role
akx	pyallegro	1	Project Manager
akxak	xpai	1	No specific role
aky	ehizo	1	Developer
akylyn	openwengo	1	No specific role
akym	sserver	0	Developer
akyrio	phpwirelessmap	0	Developer
akyro	riskwar3d	0	Developer
akyubing	computerstore	0	Developer
akzent	trios	1	No specific role
akzhd	armodule	1	No specific role
ak_	partychat	1	No specific role
ak_101tec_com	thinglink	0	No specific role
ak_dave	fseconomy	0	No specific role
ak_hepcat	phplanparty	1	No specific role
al---capone	tuxboxgames	0	Graphic/Other Designer
al-climber	passlog	0	Developer
al-koch	farms	1	No specific role
al-r	elk-textedit	1	No specific role
al12915	jcarafix	1	Developer
al22	soriuzoo	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
al37	xsprite	0	Developer
al3ph	ndaemon	1	No specific role
al3ph	egrimoire	1	No specific role
al3x	sbbtools	1	No specific role
al3x	seahorse	0	Developer
al3x	mplayer	1	Developer
al3x	lrmi	0	No specific role
al3x	ffmpeg	0	Developer
al3xis2	jadima	0	Developer
al3xm	newswire-borg	0	Developer
al3x_cz	openvaya	0	Developer
al79	nwm	1	No specific role
ala83	noisa	1	No specific role
ala83	ar8n-glossary	1	No specific role
alaa	jof	1	Project Manager
alaa-eddine	oisom	1	No specific role
alaa-eddine	enzys	1	Project Manager
alaaddin	mgos3	0	Developer
alaae-eddin	shabacat	0	Developer
alaa_m	vacc	1	No specific role
alab	openpref	1	Developer
alabamapaul	svnmanager	0	Developer
alabaster	objdb	1	No specific role
alabaza	jguard	0	Developer
alac	notio	1	No specific role
alac	affeleva	1	No specific role
alacrity	editthispagephp	1	Project Manager
aladler	mctplayer	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
aladrinkelahn	tigermud	0	Developer
alaffin	ltp	0	Developer
alaffin	snare	0	Developer
alag	jxla	0	Developer
alag	jabaserver	1	Project Manager
alag	phoenixjms	1	No specific role
alag	nvdcms	1	No specific role
alagattuta	academic-games	0	Developer
alagumadhu	microshare	0	Developer
alai	vitalstate	0	Graphic/Other Designer
alaiba	rtfs	1	No specific role
alaiba	pechy	1	Project Manager
alain-couthures	txs-pdfml	1	No specific role
alain-couthures	txs	1	All-Hands Person
alain-couthures	xmlcsharp	1	No specific role
alain001	rpy	0	Developer
alainbb	between-rpg	1	Project Manager
alainbougrain	vdr-extensions	1	No specific role
alaindecamps	urlbody	0	Developer
alaindecamps	spampalbayes	0	Developer
alaingdl	gnudatalanguage	0	Developer
alainjj	xawdecode	1	Project Manager
alainklotz	audela	0	Developer
alainlecur	aesopproj	1	No specific role
alainlecur	faceit	1	No specific role
alainmaison	pharmacy	1	Project Manager
alainmaison	openregister	0	Developer
alainmaison	gtkspell	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
alainmazy	hyperengine	1	Project Manager
alainmoran	flmobf	1	No specific role
alainodea	docbookx	1	Developer
alainpannetier	jarsearch	1	No specific role
alainvh	tokratan	0	Developer
alainza	odf-converter	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
alain_bh	nproxygen	1	Project Manager
alain_bh	el4net	1	Project Manager
alain_bkr	housebot	0	No specific role
alain_desilets	voicecode	1	Project Manager
alain_desilets	emacs-vr-mode	0	No specific role
alain_mellan	openrpn	1	Developer
alain_menesguen	pov	1	Developer
alain_pradier	care2002	0	Developer
alain_r	frpython	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
alain_sch	k8001ide	1	No specific role
alajondro	suroden	1	Project Manager
alakar	cofaxsdp	0	Analysis / Design
alakesh	webappgenerator	1	No specific role
alakoring	macpad	0	Developer
alalaongbaga	hi-eav	0	Developer
alalegrand	ipfc	0	Developer
alally	uima-framework	0	Developer
alalmeida	hapm	0	Developer
alamaison	swish	1	No specific role
alamaja	opencyc	0	Developer
alamantia	nmap-cluster	1	No specific role
alamantia	splat-pbx	1	No specific role
alamazy	txtcod	1	No specific role
alamba	asuecetpublish	0	Developer
alambruschini	state4j	1	Project Manager
alameda	gfontview	1	No specific role
alamgir99	benjoomla	1	No specific role
alamgir99	bjy2unc	1	No specific role
alamix	aspect-sequence	1	No specific role
alamix	soaj2ee	1	No specific role
alamix	chroonos	1	No specific role
alamix	esie	1	No specific role
alamsi	jsms-gateway	0	No specific role
alamut	aprsmapserv	1	All-Hands Person
alamut	traprs	1	Project Manager
alamut	libaprs2	1	No specific role
alamy	wifi-bench	1	No specific role
alam_tanweer	wapmon	0	Developer
alan	opensched	1	Project Manager
alan-amory	ols-za	1	Project Manager
alan-rubin	ras-project	1	No specific role
alan13	rating	1	No specific role
alan13	javatui	1	No specific role
alan13	corbaerp	1	Developer
alan13	stepbystep	1	No specific role
alan13	basils	1	No specific role
alan13	nfop	1	Developer
alan43	killsudoku	1	No specific role
alan43	vimcdoc	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
alan8373	popdrive	1	No specific role
alan8373	rs3	1	No specific role
alan8373	lurxcs	1	No specific role
alanabk	bettingsystem	0	Web Designer
alanbach	armspell	1	Project Manager
alanbach	xfardic	1	No specific role
alanbach	xrms	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
alanbach	tw-cms	1	Developer
alanbach	hezardastan	1	No specific role
alanbarker	jnc	0	Developer
alanbarker	talosims	1	Project Manager
alanbesen	kayapo	1	Project Manager
alanbhk	prezen	1	No specific role
alanbur	oziapi-java	1	Project Manager
alanbur	meshcms	0	Developer
alanbuxey	linux-apus	1	Support Manager
alancanon	polidori	0	Developer
alancarvalho	easybox	1	Project Manager
alancarvalho	m-tux	1	No specific role
alancarvalho	lbdistro	1	No specific role
alancarvalho	fornix	1	No specific role
alancarvalho	oobr	1	No specific role
alancarvalho	pattyeletron	1	No specific role
alancaster	saltwater	1	All-Hands Person
alance	allocpsa	1	Project Manager
alanchu	b4browser	0	Developer
alanclic	gtkstudio	1	Project Manager
alancmoore	jedidotnet	0	Developer
alancmoore	jdarth	1	No specific role
alancox	mjpeg	0	Developer
alancox	xfce	0	All-Hands Person
alancox	opengfs	0	Developer
alancox	elks	1	No specific role
alancramer	yabbse	1	Project Manager
alancshieh	etherboot	0	Developer
alancunningham	pasdiff	1	Project Manager
alandangelo	spsqliteclass	1	No specific role
alandawson	epnl	1	No specific role
alanding	mars-platform	0	No specific role
alandond	mylinux	1	All-Hands Person
alandond	h8-uclinux	1	Content Management
alandpearson	testmaster	1	No specific role
alandpearson	stevessurvey	1	No specific role
alandtse	enpath	1	Developer
alane	bsdfam	0	Developer
alane	ruby-cdialog	1	No specific role
alane	xmlrpc-jukebox	1	No specific role
alaneckh	tokaf	1	No specific role
alanfry	macperl	0	Developer
alangalante	postgeoolap	1	No specific role
alangcarter	skipper	1	No specific role
alangelov	lanpassport	1	No specific role
alangelov	gnome2mtel	0	No specific role
alangenh	fms	1	Project Manager
alangenh	curatordb	1	Developer
alangh	imservices	0	Developer
alangh	fire	1	Developer
alangla	asis-dicom	0	No specific role
alanh	dri	0	Developer
alanh	vncproxy	1	Developer
alanh	ipcop	1	Developer
alanh	blockbuster	0	Developer
alanh	chromium	0	Developer
alanh	glean	0	Developer
alanh	glide	0	No specific role
alanh	xonx	0	Developer
alanh	xf4vnc	1	No specific role
alanh	mesa3d	1	Developer
alanhardy	compass	0	Developer
alanheigh	jim-messenger	1	All-Hands Person
alanhohn	demetrius	1	No specific role
alanhoover	adqt	1	No specific role
alanhoyle	clembbapi	0	Developer
alanhoyle	ophotlist2html	1	No specific role
alani	gstalker	0	No specific role
alanine	gime	1	No specific role
alaninmcr	taverna	0	Developer
alaniralonedaw	dreamingmydream	1	No specific role
alanius	noobico-core	1	No specific role
alanj821	cua-valkyrie	1	Developer
alanjcastonguay	wpopenid	0	Developer
alanjuden	xoops	0	Developer
alankar123	clinicsoft	0	No specific role
alankelon	telescope	1	No specific role
alankemp	aedgui	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
alankendoka	alimp	1	No specific role
alankila	gnuitar	0	No specific role
alankilian	motorobots	0	Developer
alankley	newio	0	Developer
alankligman	kleeq	1	No specific role
alankligman	kanine	1	Project Manager
alankmiles	save-oe	1	No specific role
alankor	nwdo	1	Developer
alankrueger	cssparser	1	No specific role
alanlb	bekaffe	0	No specific role
alanlc	ubotai	1	No specific role
alanlee	wordfreak	0	No specific role
alanli	winblast	1	No specific role
alanli	maexplorer	0	Developer
alanlohse	asjaca	1	No specific role
alanlund	jrobots	0	Developer
alanly168	text-it	1	No specific role
alanmatthews	openrolap	0	No specific role
alanmcintyre	modrssim	0	Developer
alanmoore	kdaf	1	No specific role
alanmoore	tinirapt	1	No specific role
alanmrh	chromium	0	Developer
alanmrh	dmx	0	No specific role
alannajulie	asw	0	Graphic/Other Designer
alannorton	vapor	1	Developer
alanpage	txtnuke	1	All-Hands Person
alanpog	zope-edu	1	No specific role
alanpowell	cqe	1	No specific role
alanpowell	dgp	1	Developer
alanr	biopax	0	No specific role
alanr	owlapi	0	Developer
alanraetz	chicowebtool	1	No specific role
alanraetz	perl-md5-login	1	No specific role
alansar59	kuran	0	Developer
alanshaklee	cosshrpg	1	No specific role
alanshields	jengine	0	Developer
alanshutko	mmm-mode	1	Project Manager
alanshutko	scrapbook	1	Project Manager
alanski	salesleader	1	No specific role
alanstern	linux-usb	0	Developer
alansz	ebmlcs	1	Developer
alansz	testcalc	1	No specific role
alant	libicq2000	0	Developer
alant	sim-icq	0	No specific role
alant	ickle	0	Developer
alantar	cdx	0	No specific role
alantibbetts	authorsite	1	All-Hands Person
alantreadway	fipa-os	1	All-Hands Person
alantrick	fudge	1	No specific role
alantrick	geekgrep	1	No specific role
alantrick	terminate	1	No specific role
alantrick	prox	1	No specific role
alanusse	ocera	0	Developer
alanwillemsen	unstring	1	No specific role
alanwilliamson	blackbadger	1	Project Manager
alanwilliamson	rsslibj	0	All-Hands Person
alanwills	fwiki	1	No specific role
alanwilter	ccpn	0	No specific role
alany	scripturestudy	1	All-Hands Person
alanyao	au1100-linux	1	No specific role
alan_borsato	chiron	1	No specific role
alan_conroy	cef	1	No specific role
alan_conroy	appfoundation	1	No specific role
alan_conroy	ueh	1	No specific role
alan_conroy	runoff	1	No specific role
alan_conroy	siriuspl	1	No specific role
alan_conroy	sss	1	No specific role
alan_davey	omnis-unit	1	No specific role
alan_d_h	symdebug	0	Developer
alan_foster	pocket-blueline	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
alan_k	php-sharp	1	No specific role
alan_k	phpmole-ide	1	No specific role
alan_knight	glorp	1	No specific role
alan_knight	cvstproj	1	No specific role
alan_lindsay	topographica	0	Developer
alan_milligan	collective	0	Developer
alan_milligan	zsyncer	0	Developer
alan_robot	towhee	0	No specific role
alan_tc	tpm-software	1	No specific role
alaouitarik	yinvibes	1	No specific role
alaouitarik	mysignature	1	No specific role
alapan	jfilesplitter	1	No specific role
alapoint	checkpop	1	No specific role
alar	odin-os	0	Developer
alar	goos	1	Developer
alar89	thecord	0	Tester
alar89	bmonde	0	Developer
alarconfcf	projeto-messias	1	Project Manager
alarenal	wfs	1	No specific role
alarfaj	q40	1	Project Manager
alargey	ili2sql	0	Developer
alarial	spacekey	0	Tester
alaribi	umlv-jail	1	Project Manager
alaricd	linbutton	0	No specific role
alaricd	commca	0	No specific role
alaricd	pgpescrow	0	No specific role
alaricd	passwordweb	0	No specific role
alarie	javalon	0	No specific role
alarion	eqgms	1	No specific role
alarion	phpdatalib	1	No specific role
alarion	dadmin	1	No specific role
alarix	cello	1	No specific role
alark51	acd-barguide	1	No specific role
alarrere	rcc	0	No specific role
alarribe	jtradelab	1	No specific role
alarribe	medorvpn	1	No specific role
alarson	ssynth	1	Project Manager
alarts	xdxf	0	Developer
alasdair_scott	ivorysystem	1	No specific role
alash	mged	0	Developer
alashworth	utopia	0	Developer
alask	vegastrike	0	Developer
alask	yaonl	1	No specific role
alaskamike	textmate-gtd	1	No specific role
alaskamike	cocalc	1	No specific role
alaskamike	simpy	0	Developer
alaskav6	ultra-plone	1	No specific role
alasota	toster	1	Project Manager
alassion	dsa-hl	0	Graphic/Other Designer
alassiry	potrans	1	No specific role
alastair	sitescooper	0	Developer
alastair	sut	0	Developer
alastair-irving	brltex	0	Developer
alastair-irving	latex-access	1	No specific role
alastairduncan	fipa-os	1	Developer
alastairmck	freedict	0	No specific role
alastairmck	lct	0	Developer
alastairmck	dvbtools	0	Developer
alastairmck	dict-common	0	Developer
alastor	tatteredrpg	0	Developer
alastor930	dbbots	1	No specific role
alatariel	kb2kskype	0	Doc Writer
alatarsaeros	nutalk	1	Developer
alaterale	openpsx	1	Project Manager
alatham	cipe-linux	0	No specific role
alathers	gridauth	0	Developer
alatonsa	multishop	0	Content Management
alauo	ipl98	0	Developer
alaurin	koha	0	Developer
alaux	isisniper	0	Developer
alauzon	uml2phpbase	0	Developer
alavaliant	wacom-config	1	All-Hands Person
alavelle	protrak	1	All-Hands Person
alavend	acrophobia	1	No specific role
alayne42	agentx4j	1	No specific role
alazreg	tinyphped	1	No specific role
alaztor	phorminx	0	Developer
ala_747	wordpress-es	1	Project Manager
alba	fortune-mod-fvl	1	Project Manager
alba	mefivi	1	No specific role
alba-superstar	concurrpuzzles	1	No specific role
albacetenetclub	dnc-webparts	0	Developer
albacore	wave	1	No specific role
albacore	snapper	1	No specific role
albagj	zunit	1	Developer
albahari	queryexplus	1	No specific role
albain	ffdshow-tryout	0	No specific role
albamuth	galacticfront	0	Graphic/Other Designer
albamuth	totality	1	Analysis / Design
albana_g	yadoda	0	Developer
albana_g	duno	0	Developer
albanc	gl4java	1	Project Manager
albanc	open-mind	1	Project Manager
albancrequy	tetrinetx-ng	1	No specific role
albancrequy	thin-oscar	0	Developer
albancrequy	mille-xterm	0	Developer
albancrequy	cdls	1	No specific role
albandes	ispconfig	0	Developer
albanetwork	gnome-albanian	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
albangb	jadetalk	0	No specific role
albantech	albanxx	1	No specific role
albanx	mayascript	0	Developer
albarikoqe	war3d	0	Graphic/Other Designer
albarriosr	slts	1	No specific role
albartell	iledocs	1	Developer
albartell	rpg-xml-parser	1	Project Manager
albartus	mcnosi	0	Developer
albasile	migma	1	No specific role
albatrossix	themanaworld	0	No specific role
albaweb	winbot-ani	1	No specific role
albburtsev	synhe	0	Developer
albegarcia	dmremon	1	No specific role
albel	tabletag	1	No specific role
albel	jopenmoney	1	No specific role
albel	orexp	1	No specific role
albel	phppersist	1	No specific role
albel	velogen	1	No specific role
albell	gsegyview	0	Support Manager
alben	tinycxx	1	No specific role
albenix	wxnec	1	Project Manager
albepetr	mash	1	Developer
alberanid	daxfi	1	Project Manager
alberanid	imdbpy	1	Developer
alberc	gmailsite	1	Project Manager
alberciak	mind-inet-recon	1	Project Manager
alberciak	e-reminders	1	Project Manager
alberciak	transfer-time	1	No specific role
alberciak	scponly	0	Doc Writer
alberciak	scijax	1	Project Manager
alberik	j-ram	1	No specific role
alberion	blackdome	1	Project Manager
alberofelix	pypapi	0	Tester
alberola	firebird	0	Developer
albert	procps	1	No specific role
albert	saturntools	0	No specific role
albert	avifile	0	Developer
albert	tuxpaint	0	Developer
albert-deinbeck	simrtk	0	Developer
albert-deinbeck	qpunkt-lis	1	Project Manager
albert-deinbeck	mundus	0	No specific role
albert-thuis	tutti	0	Developer
albert-thuis	syslog-sec	1	No specific role
albert1978	aibolib	1	No specific role
albert254	reveil	1	No specific role
albertbonet	ssi-project	1	Project Manager
albertbuyo	kmkey	0	Developer
albertbuyo	earcon-adf	0	Developer
albertcardona	ij-plugins	0	No specific role
albertcc	facturalux	0	Developer
albertcervera	proxirc	1	No specific role
albertcervera	ktiny	1	Developer
albertchae	gamescrafters	0	Developer
albertchoy	mpgravity	1	No specific role
albertcohen	gcc-ici	1	Developer
albertde	pilot-db	0	Doc Writer
albertdh	lsb	0	No specific role
albertdivfm	mediabox404	1	Project Manager
alberteinstein	thunderchat	0	No specific role
alberteinstein	zerocontacts	0	Developer
albertg	warhol	0	Developer
albertg	lawless	0	Developer
albertg	dmca	0	Developer
albertg	hogwash	0	Doc Writer
albertg	ezccd	0	All-Hands Person
albertg	baitnswitch	1	No specific role
alberth	sbdefinitions	1	Project Manager
alberth	sbdocs	1	Project Manager
alberthsw	formhana	1	No specific role
albertinho	webdevstudio	1	No specific role
albertj	axe	1	Project Manager
albertj	netlands	1	Unix Admin
albertjin	sly	1	All-Hands Person
albertjin	xindiff	1	No specific role
albertjin	chronobius	1	No specific role
albertjuhe	materialsuoc	0	Developer
albertkwan	ebmail	0	Developer
albertlast	ticenter	1	Project Manager
albertlee	feednow	1	No specific role
albertlevert	heigvd-kawa	1	No specific role
albertliu	albertliu	1	No specific role
albertmat	dbtestcase	1	Developer
albertng	toke	1	No specific role
alberto-leon	y-world	1	Unix Admin
alberto-re	clone	1	No specific role
alberto-re	pod2it	0	Developer
alberto1983	javasmsvit	1	No specific role
alberto85	id-risiko	0	No specific role
albertoamitrani	totools	0	No specific role
albertoamitrani	exoopport	1	Support Manager
albertobasso	philex	0	No specific role
albertobasso	sumoam	1	No specific role
albertobbgmail	jnetsend	1	No specific role
albertoc	mm2d	0	Developer
albertocj	kiskis	0	Developer
albertoco	humano2	0	Graphic/Other Designer
albertoferrer	molins	0	Developer
albertoferrer	emanonphp	1	No specific role
albertogreco	rfilingassisant	1	No specific role
albertojuan	gecuvin	1	No specific role
albertoleon	pandereta	0	Developer
albertomarlboro	poolaculous	1	No specific role
albertonyec	gervasproject	0	Tester
albertoparo	anjuta	0	Developer
albertoparo	sourcedreamer	1	No specific role
albertopereto	plandora	1	No specific role
albertorios	nntk	1	Project Manager
albertorios	unbvision	1	Developer
albertoriva	cl-cookbook	0	Editorial/Content Writer
albertosaurus	dbclient	1	All-Hands Person
albertosl1985	weso	0	Developer
albertothorus	catms	0	Developer
albertovecchio	lisatools	0	Developer
alberto_cbm	shift-videogame	1	No specific role
alberto_clymore	tierramedia	0	No specific role
alberto_corbi	pdfwebx	1	No specific role
alberto_corroto	mobile-game-is	1	Developer
alberto_r	os-sim	0	Developer
alberto_ramos	afnl	1	No specific role
albertpascual	dotnetcrm	0	No specific role
albertpascual	linuxvss	1	No specific role
albertpx	mobrouters	1	No specific role
albertremke	core-52n	0	Project Manager
albertremke	incubator-52n	1	Project Manager
alberts3	s3fc	1	No specific role
albertsmith	gmod	0	Developer
albertstrasheim	jepp	0	Developer
albertstrasheim	numpy	0	Tester
albertvermeulen	disastersys	0	Developer
albertwang	xrun	0	Web Designer
albertzeyer	openlierox	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
albert_alo	alox	1	No specific role
albert_fabregat	edivc	1	Developer
albert_g	webgest	1	Project Manager
albert_veli	gtkstryk	1	No specific role
albert_yoong23	enterprise	0	Developer
albet	infinityproject	1	Developer
albeu	mcf	0	Developer
albe_bottarini	mvc4php	1	No specific role
albe_bottarini	phpcontest	1	No specific role
albe_bottarini	dao4php	1	No specific role
albgarse	stargun	1	No specific role
albi	alguest	1	All-Hands Person
albi2002	konference	0	No specific role
albibek	mtmodel	1	No specific role
albidondragon	oo-wa	1	Developer
albinet	nyfu	0	Tester
albini	number-spelling	1	No specific role
albino3d	xmadministrator	1	No specific role
albinoeatpod	myoops	1	Developer
albinoloverats	alr-remove	1	No specific role
albinoloverats	alr-encrypt	1	No specific role
albinoloverats	encrypt	1	No specific role
albinspain	postwoman	1	Project Manager
albion	fate	1	All-Hands Person
albion	universe	0	Developer
albion	totalsecurity	1	No specific role
albionspieler	albion-tools	0	Developer
albireo77	devflowcharter	1	Project Manager
albisini	a4fighter	1	Project Manager
albitos	elymanteaeng	1	Project Manager
albizu	idefix	1	Project Manager
alblue	rcpapps	1	No specific role
albo1985	justtosser	0	Developer
alboehm	libadacrypt-dev	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
alboin	open86	0	Developer
alboletono	jcardengine	1	No specific role
alborchers	linux-usb	0	No specific role
alborowski	hpgcc	0	Developer
alborz	physics-engine	1	No specific role
albrieu	desktop3denviro	1	No specific role
albright	phanatix	1	No specific role
albringas	phpaut	1	Project Manager
albrown	tikiwiki	0	Developer
albudden	glx	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
albuquerque	patmus	1	Project Manager
albusmw	gis-parser	1	No specific role
albyu	wordreminder	1	No specific role
albyvale	devil-linux	0	Developer
alb_shau	gamescrafters	0	No specific role
alcabon	jregexptester	1	Developer
alcachi	wci	1	No specific role
alcachi	cdfind	1	No specific role
alcacic	jdx	0	Editorial/Content Writer
alcaeus	kronosbb	1	Project Manager
alcaeus	alcaeus	1	No specific role
alcald	tkfp	1	Project Manager
alcald	medmapper	1	No specific role
alcane	forumfr	1	Unix Admin
alcane	phpcap	1	Unix Admin
alcante	spaiz-nuke	1	No specific role
alcapcom	glxdesktop	1	Developer
alcapond	tvbrowser	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
alcapone	threatman	1	Project Manager
alcapone	snort-idmef	1	Project Manager
alcapone	libidmef	1	Project Manager
alcarlosse	fnf	1	All-Hands Person
alcarlosse	geckod	1	All-Hands Person
alcaron	gnome-breakout	1	Project Manager
alcarraz	jpos	0	Developer
alcated	td24	0	No specific role
alce	puddle	1	No specific role
alceausu	n-gram	1	No specific role
alcee	portier	1	No specific role
alcee	yasplot	1	Project Manager
alceri	sdalias	1	Project Manager
alceri	ammp	1	No specific role
alcetkovic	tempora	1	No specific role
alch	clamwin	1	Developer
alchemage	xgene360	0	Developer
alchemar	tolop	1	Developer
alchemist	real	0	No specific role
alchemist2004	astlibrary	1	No specific role
alchemista	musicplanner	1	Developer
alchemistmatt	dartscorekeeper	1	No specific role
alchemistxx0	bhhcquidditch	1	No specific role
alchemst	ldifgrep	1	No specific role
alchieri	grouppac	0	Developer
alchow	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
alch_	cm2-plugins	1	No specific role
alci	simpleorm	0	No specific role
alcibiadefr	mkgichessclub	1	No specific role
alcibiadefr	zbrother	1	No specific role
alcidesfonseca	pungi	1	No specific role
alcindo	processa	1	Project Manager
alcinf	m3tk	1	No specific role
alcinf	tkdgen	1	No specific role
alcir	clx-report	0	Developer
alcohen	openmedic	1	Project Manager
alcoholov	dragonsales	1	Project Manager
alcoholov	whcontrolpanel	0	Developer
alcojol	islib	1	No specific role
alcojol	eth2k	1	Developer
alcojol	ldesigner	1	Project Manager
alcolins	uengine	0	Developer
alcolins	metaworks	0	Developer
alcor78	uoe	0	Developer
alcor_gg	pf2html	0	Developer
alcor_mg	pf2html	1	All-Hands Person
alcruz	mpiruby	0	No specific role
alcruz	complearn	1	Developer
alcruz	rubysvm	0	Web Designer
alcruz	freenv	1	All-Hands Person
alcsugar	nocsim	0	Developer
alcueca	dr-ea-m	0	Developer
aldana	sia	1	Project Manager
aldaran	cellumat3d	1	No specific role
aldarondo	dproofreaders	0	Developer
aldarondo	openls	0	No specific role
aldebaran	ultiempires	0	Developer
aldehyde	donar	1	Project Manager
aldem	joker-client	1	All-Hands Person
aldem	ici	0	No specific role
aldemira	ilahiler	1	No specific role
aldemira	atalebegins	1	Project Manager
alden	cruisecontrol	1	No specific role
aldendsouza	foxmenu	1	No specific role
alder	beaver	1	Developer
alderg	specificity	0	No specific role
alderg	jgraph	1	Project Manager
alderg	sfutils	0	No specific role
alderin	quarkplusplus	1	Project Manager
alderin	blendutil	1	No specific role
alderschwede	mymedialister	1	Project Manager
alderthazenberg	postfixadmin	0	Tester
aldettmer	dbexpressplus	1	Developer
aldettmer	uopl	0	No specific role
aldheorte	aglets	0	Developer
aldheorte	agletsnet	0	No specific role
aldialdi	algebsql	0	Developer
aldinei	vbpackcompile	0	Developer
aldipower	fgguestbook	1	All-Hands Person
aldipower	gtkpronews	1	No specific role
aldo	pygnut	1	No specific role
aldoboccacci	flatnuke	0	Developer
aldoelam	gtlt	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
aldoir	uebimiau	1	No specific role
aldolagana	whoout	1	No specific role
aldot	ggi	0	Tester
aldot	kgi-wip	1	No specific role
aldous_santos	achaeacure	0	Developer
aldo_medina	uni-academica	1	Unix Admin
aldreygalindo	zioncms	1	Developer
aldric	pentochat	0	Developer
aldrich	relaxbsd	1	Developer
aldrinmartoq	apolos	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
aldrin_perez	aapp	1	No specific role
aldr_uk	digi-activist	1	No specific role
aldstadt	stars-py	0	Developer
aldug	phpmytasks	1	No specific role
aldug	netamp	1	No specific role
aldur	fiveringsrpg	0	Editorial/Content Writer
aldy0169	g3operations	1	No specific role
ale-scalzo	yarp0	0	Developer
ale37	fastdraw	0	Developer
ale5000	skulls	1	Developer
ale5000	shareaza	0	Tester
ale8670	laccio	1	No specific role
ale8670	jell-shell	1	No specific role
aleadag	atil	1	No specific role
aleagi	phpnukecsstheme	1	No specific role
aleagi	kayapo	1	Project Manager
aleahey	lyrickeeper	1	No specific role
aleahey	vidtalk	1	No specific role
aleahey	prjnightingale	1	No specific role
aleahey	projectmonkey	1	No specific role
aleaimo	ugp3	0	Developer
aleajactaest	accada-epcis	0	Developer
aleandr	isiadis	1	No specific role
aleant	getmyip	1	Project Manager
aleap	habile	1	No specific role
aleasoft	aspectrum	1	Developer
aleast	gestpaycryptphp	1	No specific role
aleax	gmpy	1	Developer
aleax	python	0	Developer
aleax	anygui	0	Developer
aleaxw	loa32	0	Graphic/Other Designer
aleb	palmc	1	Developer
alebellu	toop	1	No specific role
alebo611	fimp	1	Developer
aleborisonik	hispascal	1	All-Hands Person
alebro	elawmanager	0	Distributor/Promoter
alec	cppcc	1	No specific role
alec	vhdlc	1	No specific role
alec	vlogide	1	No specific role
alecacct	calendarx	0	Developer
alecacct	collective	0	Developer
alecacct	archetypes	0	Developer
alecacct	plone	1	Developer
alecclews	ultimatecrib	1	No specific role
alecclews	almsuite	1	Project Manager
alecclews	requirefreedom	1	No specific role
aleceo	arzak	0	Developer
alech	perl-workflow	0	No specific role
alech	certnanny	0	Developer
alech	openxpki	1	Developer
alecher	openpnl	0	Developer
aleckskwick	jmsg	1	No specific role
alecn2002	nod32vdd-mirror	1	No specific role
alecn2002	num2str	1	No specific role
alecn2002	compiere-ru	1	No specific role
alecpaunescu	alienu	1	Project Manager
alecresende	pyoutliner	1	No specific role
alecthomas	phpsat	1	No specific role
alecthomas	ondir	1	No specific role
alecthomas	devtodo	1	No specific role
alecto	vibewire	0	Project Manager
alectrus	xml-copy-editor	0	Tester
alecvance	chessxtra	1	Developer
alecwoo	tinyos	0	Developer
aleczapka	artwizaleczapka	1	No specific role
aleczapka	fluxbox	0	Web Designer
aleczapka	everon	1	No specific role
aled	jsi	1	No specific role
aledie	geneontology	0	Editorial/Content Writer
aledlord	nwncharacter	1	No specific role
aledlord	deadsoulrpg	1	No specific role
aledon	livecd	0	Developer
aledowen	red-stone	1	No specific role
aledt	pybase	1	Tester
aled_e	smartfrog	0	Developer
aleenders	transferware	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
alef1	arabic	1	Developer
alefnula	pybrowser	1	Developer
alefort	ignalum	0	Developer
alefq	jag	0	Developer
alefrosenbaum	repbot	0	Editorial/Content Writer
aleg	gathernet	1	No specific role
alegar2010	mimpp	1	No specific role
aleglori	graidle	1	Project Manager
alegomes	kaffeinesuite	1	Project Manager
alegrn	pnk	0	Developer
alehmann	phppm	1	No specific role
alehmann	harvey	0	No specific role
alehs	xtermeditor	1	No specific role
aleicher	ciseve	1	Project Manager
aleicher	fugu	0	No specific role
aleichter	otbtoolbox	1	Project Manager
aleidinger	lame	1	No specific role
aleidinger	modlogan	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
aleix	weps	1	Project Manager
alej0	waratsea	1	No specific role
alejandroch	tustena	0	Developer
alejandrojnm	medcampus	0	Developer
alejandropg	tntconcept	1	No specific role
alejandrorios	thewala	1	No specific role
alejandrosg	librecafe	1	No specific role
alejandro_liu	noty	1	No specific role
alejandro_liu	mfstool	1	No specific role
alejfm	weso	0	Developer
alejluther	ocera	0	Developer
alejo	openherald	1	No specific role
alejo	msyslog	1	Developer
alejo	nfslite	1	No specific role
alejo	sharpape	1	No specific role
alejo	ysmv7	0	Developer
alejogagliardi	astacd-activity	1	No specific role
alejolp	aonx	1	No specific role
alejolp	morgoao	0	Developer
alejomartinez	qminst	1	No specific role
alejovs	gdg-f06	0	No specific role
alejovs	foxc	0	No specific role
alejsama	remoteapps	1	No specific role
alejsanchez	codeater	1	No specific role
alejsanchez	minda	1	No specific role
alek-111	abducted-irc	1	Developer
alekandreev	osmsoc2005	0	Developer
alekdm	sqld	1	No specific role
alekdm	formstool	1	No specific role
aleke	dsateclipse	1	No specific role
aleke	blocker	1	No specific role
alekh	voidex	0	Developer
alekhin	gpe4gtk	0	No specific role
alekhin	gpm-system	1	Developer
alekhin	surfacebuilder	1	No specific role
alekibango	collective	0	Developer
alekibango	plone-i18n	0	Developer
alekm	makina	0	Developer
alekona	ourworld	1	Project Manager
aleks9	archiedb	1	Project Manager
aleksa	uliks	1	All-Hands Person
aleksandar	paracelsus	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
aleksandar	medsurvey	0	Developer
aleksandar	coffeebeans	0	Developer
aleksandar	sdj	0	No specific role
aleksander	rosetta	1	No specific role
aleksander_m	pdslib	1	Project Manager
aleksandr	blackdome	1	Project Manager
aleksb	osbs	1	No specific role
aleksei_malkov	apatar	0	Project Manager
aleksey2	phpfileshell	1	No specific role
alekseyz	umdoverlapper	1	No specific role
aleksf	poco	1	Developer
aleksp	skylark	1	Developer
alekswn	hcommander	1	Project Manager
alekut	sovietrussia	1	Project Manager
alekut	bluemsx	0	Developer
alele	airrox	1	Developer
alele	indigente	0	Developer
alellis	tikpkgs	0	No specific role
alellis	tik	0	No specific role
alellis	keylargo	1	All-Hands Person
aleluque	pirp	1	No specific role
alemanha	esial-8514877	1	No specific role
alemanleft	books2burn	1	No specific role
alemanleft	tamsys	1	No specific role
alemex	gdms	1	No specific role
alemex	uccass	0	Developer
alemochi	vcg	0	Developer
alemochi	meshlab	0	Developer
alemosbarbosa	spirit	0	Developer
alems	l4ka-walrus	0	No specific role
alem_dain	dascant	1	No specific role
alencikac	hmcenter	0	No specific role
alenico84	edumips64	0	Developer
alenlpeacock	flud	1	No specific role
alenoosh	osccms	0	Developer
alenoosh	osc-extra	0	No specific role
alenp	abackupservice	1	No specific role
alenpar	business-arena	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
alentoric	filelist	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
alentoric	gner	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
alenvers	dacode	0	Developer
aleonar	uwp-phase	1	Project Manager
aleont	lalleths	1	No specific role
aleore	homerp	1	No specific role
aleph00	dogapi	1	No specific role
aleph1	caudium	0	No specific role
aleph70	bdm	0	Developer
alephman	bios-lt	1	Developer
alephman	manga-2-6-x	0	Developer
alephzero	inkubator	0	Developer
aleppard	mov	1	Developer
aleppo	quantlib	0	Developer
aleprof	piccolicomuni	1	Project Manager
alepuiatti	haggle	0	Developer
aleq	pocketputty	1	Project Manager
alercunha	mp3tokenizer	1	Project Manager
alercunha	transxtrail	1	No specific role
alercunha	tikiwiki	0	No specific role
alerf	newp	0	Developer
aleric	flexstor	0	Developer
aleroif	phorminx	0	Tester
aleron235	fraendz	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
alert7	x-sidt	1	No specific role
aleryani	vands	1	No specific role
alesan	driwizard	1	No specific role
alescer	ikar	0	Developer
alescotti	xmlastro	0	Developer
alesd	logbot	1	No specific role
alesegala	mywebgallery	1	No specific role
alesf	aftech	1	No specific role
aleshorvat	isportal05	0	Developer
alesiro	gnumler	1	Project Manager
alesj	jboss	0	No specific role
alesmukler	padl	1	No specific role
alesokorn	georaptor	0	Developer
alesp	projectzero	0	Developer
alesplan	itpmr	0	Developer
alessage	ciclope	1	No specific role
alessandrafadda	japs	0	Developer
alessandragorla	dbschemaviewer	1	No specific role
alessandrolulli	genesim	0	Developer
alessandrolulli	wavewoo	1	No specific role
alessandrom	sensorware	0	Developer
alessandronunes	eva	0	Project Manager
alessio	slash-italian	1	No specific role
alessio-gaspar	clue-ide	1	Developer
alessiofender	liberopops	1	Developer
alessiofender	freepops	1	Developer
alessiofender	jrisiko	1	Developer
alessiomarziali	netlibrary	1	Project Manager
alessionet	jiadoc	1	No specific role
alessiostalla	pgdl	1	No specific role
alessio_setzu	diee-mad	0	Developer
alest	murka	1	No specific role
alestoff	aliviar	1	No specific role
alestor	freeciv4palmos	0	Tester
alesz	ecomod	1	No specific role
alesz	qutechess	1	No specific role
ales_pucelj	viaqs	0	No specific role
alettertobeep	casinoblue	1	No specific role
alettertobeep	jrv-dimji	1	Developer
aleucht	fibs	1	Project Manager
alevchuk	fu9u	1	Developer
alevchuk	mwamko	1	Developer
alevchuk	ucr-web-admin	1	No specific role
alevchuk	cycad	1	Project Manager
alevensalor	mpp-scm	1	No specific role
alevensalor	hotelrfp	1	Developer
alevensalor	ots-auto	0	No specific role
alevensalor	otsfrfleetmgmt	0	No specific role
alevensalor	otshotel	0	No specific role
alevin	jedit	0	Developer
alevin	rssexpress	1	No specific role
alevy	team190	0	Developer
alex	firstwall	0	Developer
alex	wavefourier	0	No specific role
alex	mather	0	Developer
alex	ueberp	1	No specific role
alex	thehead	0	No specific role
alex-at	open-sfd	1	No specific role
alex-at	atbb	1	No specific role
alex-at	bigint-dl	1	Developer
alex-brainstorm	adebug	1	No specific role
alex-brainstorm	squirrelmail	0	Developer
alex-dr-10	domino-x	1	No specific role
alex-flint	prado	0	Developer
alex-fx	ohaha	0	No specific role
alex-kane	twikiplugins	0	Developer
alex-shi	bltk	0	Developer
alex-t	jogre	0	Developer
alex08	sunslide	1	Developer
alex08	sunpendulum	1	Developer
alex0xander	valeaffray	1	Project Manager
alex14n	radedit	1	No specific role
alex157	protein-finder	1	No specific role
alex182br	postnukebrasil	0	No specific role
alex182br	phpnukebrasil	0	No specific role
alex1975	xcast-linux	1	No specific role
alex31481	picturebook	1	No specific role
alex319	findbugs	0	No specific role
alex3217	umkailash	0	Developer
alex323	otrirc	1	No specific role
alex333	ubrowser	1	No specific role
alex3683	jamochaagent	1	No specific role
alex3683	jatobo	1	No specific role
alex3683	jamocha	0	Developer
alex512	simulare	0	No specific role
alex515	googletalkshak	0	Developer
alex666	forbiddenmagic	1	Project Manager
alex67	netwhistler	1	No specific role
alex67	mila-ajax-map	1	No specific role
alex67	routercli	1	No specific role
alex72	switchtest	1	No specific role
alex73	freeguide-tv	0	Developer
alex73	atv	1	Project Manager
alex73	dicengrus	1	No specific role
alex73	zaval0002	1	Developer
alex73	zaval0001	1	All-Hands Person
alex73	jdbscript	1	No specific role
alex73	mappy	1	No specific role
alex77777	docflowsoft	0	Doc Writer
alex7h3pr0gr4mr	pong-3d	1	Developer
alex86	algebsql	0	Developer
alex8887	accesstools	1	No specific role
alex8887	wifilinux	1	Developer
alex8887	winserv	1	No specific role
alex89ru	td89ru	1	No specific role
alex89ru	bfv89ru	1	No specific role
alexa	ykcee	1	No specific role
alexacy	synapsis	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
alexagr	ace-radius	1	No specific role
alexahern	dj-project	1	Developer
alexalex_13	bacookbook	1	Developer
alexan	kinterbasdb	1	No specific role
alexandarpenkin	itracker	0	Developer
alexander	gtopo	1	No specific role
alexander1307	orcacrm	0	Developer
alexander21	sibote	0	Developer
alexander3772	otc-game	1	Developer
alexander38	webkey-x	1	No specific role
alexanderb	zerberus	1	No specific role
alexanderb	sosdkp	1	No specific role
alexanderb	ida	1	All-Hands Person
alexanderb	mmix-mode	1	No specific role
alexanderc	jwr-iss	0	No specific role
alexandercook	osdisputes	1	No specific role
alexanderfedin	jaximus	1	No specific role
alexandergross	dasblogce	0	Developer
alexandergrosse	webman-cms	1	Project Manager
alexanderkozlov	luzan	0	Developer
alexanderlex	venividiwiki	0	Project Manager
alexandermally	venividiwiki	0	Developer
alexandermayr	pixelbrei	1	No specific role
alexanderp	infostudio	1	Project Manager
alexanderpas	mobileforums	1	Developer
alexanderroth	animl	0	Developer
alexandersomma	openmedx	1	No specific role
alexandersorge	lmcimggal	1	Project Manager
alexandersorge	lmcontrust	1	Project Manager
alexandersson	starbox	1	No specific role
alexanderthalha	venividiwiki	0	Developer
alexandervegas	ajax-charts	1	No specific role
alexanderwait	corewar	1	All-Hands Person
alexanderweb	pocoo	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
alexanderweb	moin	0	Developer
alexanderyoshi	cosmosui	1	No specific role
alexander_coral	bigshop	1	Developer
alexander_kulik	jsecure	1	No specific role
alexander_lundh	sharpster	0	No specific role
alexander_rau	loonix	1	No specific role
alexander_sh	pocketputty	0	Developer
alexander_sorge	pliniuxx	1	Project Manager
alexander_t	orac	1	No specific role
alexander_tc	metanode	0	Developer
alexander_walli	core-52n	1	Developer
alexander_walli	students-52n	1	Project Manager
alexander_walli	incubator-52n	0	Developer
alexandra5	hugo-generator	1	Project Manager
alexandrak	hlsid	1	All-Hands Person
alexandra_dia	odf-converter	0	Tester
alexandra_net	prmanager	0	Developer
alexandre-marie	odf-converter	0	No specific role
alexandre21	gudpd	1	No specific role
alexandreadames	ns-graph	1	No specific role
alexandream	nutshell	1	No specific role
alexandrecorrea	shortlinux	1	Developer
alexandredias	phpfilmes	1	No specific role
alexandregans	gpkgtool	0	Developer
alexandremas	brproject	1	Project Manager
alexandrend	gridunit	1	No specific role
alexandrequessy	pure-data	0	Developer
alexandrequessy	muzaq	1	No specific role
alexandrereiss	digitaleyes	1	Developer
alexandrerojkov	alexandrerojkov	1	No specific role
alexandresw	m3dea	1	Developer
alexandretorres	jtri	1	No specific role
alexandre_ganso	controller	1	No specific role
alexandre_ganso	ue-shellhack	1	No specific role
alexandre_odoux	sqlm	1	Developer
alexandre_pb	giw	1	No specific role
alexandre_trog	al3d	1	No specific role
alexandria329	csc329	1	No specific role
alexandria_arch	alexandriaarchv	1	No specific role
alexandrino	linux-iscsi	0	Developer
alexandrkalinin	openlinuxtspl	1	No specific role
alexandro86	phpblue	1	No specific role
alexandro86	myvs	1	No specific role
alexandrodss	gridunit	0	No specific role
alexandrsmirnov	telamon	1	No specific role
alexandru-cod	seide-433	0	Developer
alexandrum	palmpic	1	No specific role
alexandr_989	cccplayer	1	No specific role
alexandr_gr	jsxe	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
alexandv	dsol	1	Project Manager
alexangel	ibis	0	Developer
alexanjackal	jackalblog	1	No specific role
alexannika	spacetrek	0	Developer
alexannika	vegastrike	0	Developer
alexannika	avifile	0	Developer
alexannika	lowlevellib	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
alexannika	kdirstat	0	No specific role
alexannika	kprof	0	Developer
alexannika	kobayashimaru	1	No specific role
alexanro	burn	1	No specific role
alexanro	gesn	1	Developer
alexar	serbdict	1	Developer
alexar	es-innd	1	Project Manager
alexar	elks	0	Developer
alexargy	ksensorsapplet	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
alexarje	jamoma	0	Developer
alexarje	integralive	0	Developer
alexart	starpound	0	All-Hands Person
alexart	mde	0	Developer
alexatveresk	phpshelve	1	No specific role
alexb43	argouml	1	Project Manager
alexbaby	mono-code	0	Developer
alexbaby	drhand	1	No specific role
alexbaby	drhand2	1	No specific role
alexbaby	spylord	1	No specific role
alexbaretta	xcaml	1	No specific role
alexbcoles	wli4js	1	No specific role
alexbcoles	mediateca	1	No specific role
alexbela	oracle-apex	0	Developer
alexberger	jobcontrol	0	Developer
alexberman	trindikit	1	All-Hands Person
alexbeyn	shnetapps	1	No specific role
alexbia	teipublisher	0	Developer
alexblackie	easysms	1	No specific role
alexbleks	filefc	1	No specific role
alexbleks	freetrans	1	No specific role
alexbleks	cooktimer	1	No specific role
alexbliss	gjava	0	Developer
alexbold	proimager	0	Developer
alexbottoni	gnuccess	0	No specific role
alexbrn	atatl	1	No specific role
alexbrn	ople	1	No specific role
alexbsa	pb-webmaui	0	Developer
alexbsa	phpgroupware	0	Developer
alexbuehler	ejam	1	Developer
alexbukurov	xsm	0	Developer
alexburton	mmtag	1	No specific role
alexcamps	calcorportativo	1	No specific role
alexcaseiro	dikko	1	No specific role
alexcast	photopizza	1	No specific role
alexcc_06	carbonas	0	Developer
alexcc_06	truco-o-algo	0	Developer
alexcc_06	escapek	0	Developer
alexcc_06	spring-netbeans	0	Developer
alexcc_06	jfire	0	Developer
alexchapman	big	0	All-Hands Person
alexcher	ps-collection	1	No specific role
alexcher	ghostscript	0	Developer
alexcheung80	aspnetforum	1	No specific role
alexchiari	hobbybrew	1	No specific role
alexchoy	gamescrafters	0	Developer
alexchrn	deforex	0	Developer
alexcj	openmodeller	0	Developer
alexcollins	autositephp	1	No specific role
alexcomps	litoxds	1	Unix Admin
alexcomps	multidownloader	1	No specific role
alexcrow	adialer	1	No specific role
alexcrow	baghira	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
alexcrow	convex3d	1	No specific role
alexcrow	xsg	1	No specific role
alexcrow	qtcdp	1	No specific role
alexcrow	reginstall	1	No specific role
alexcv	revinetd	0	Project Manager
alexcyw	pwp	1	No specific role
alexd31	vensterce	1	No specific role
alexdai039	kingsofterhelpe	1	No specific role
alexdbkim	teresa	1	No specific role
alexdbkim	soju	1	No specific role
alexdeac	kbear	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
alexdegruven	erfdist	1	No specific role
alexdegruven	cmsxphp	1	All-Hands Person
alexdjames	base4	1	No specific role
alexdlm	cooker	1	No specific role
alexdlm	chassis	1	No specific role
alexdlm	liboglui	1	All-Hands Person
alexdlm	pyglbox	1	No specific role
alexdmiller	princss	1	No specific role
alexdomanski	phppm512	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
alexdomanski	trinix	1	Project Manager
alexdotc	umm	0	Developer
alexdotc	dwengine	0	Developer
alexdown	unipdleague	0	Developer
alexdp	violetumlplugin	1	Developer
alexdp	violet	0	Project Manager
alexdp	jprism	1	No specific role
alexdresslerrr	alexdresslerrr	1	No specific role
alexdrowe	shadowtool	1	No specific role
alexds	opensmtpnet	1	No specific role
alexds	validationrules	1	No specific role
alexduerloo	allianceless	0	Web Designer
alexdupre	backgen	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
alexdupre	camaleont	1	Project Manager
alexdupre	myphpnuke	0	Developer
alexdw	rippon	1	No specific role
alexeevm	iscs	0	Developer
alexeevm	elynx	1	Project Manager
alexef	mini-cs	0	Developer
alexegorov	superscanner	1	No specific role
alexei31225	vasgarkovserver	1	No specific role
alexeidrummond	jebl	1	Project Manager
alexeikubarev	autobackup	1	No specific role
alexeivorontsov	ironsmith	0	No specific role
alexeiyavlinsky	beholdsearch	1	No specific role
alexei_chmelev	javacurses	1	No specific role
alexei_k	trackplus	0	Developer
alexei_m	esim	1	Developer
alexejv	architecturware	0	Developer
alexejv	jplayingcards	1	No specific role
alexellis	cluedo	1	No specific role
alexenin	stc	1	Developer
alexesmann	cmsworks	0	Developer
alexev	mogeci	1	Project Manager
alexexmachina	nvigorate	1	No specific role
alexey	cthgngmhelper	1	Developer
alexey-kh	apatar	0	Developer
alexey-rybak	blitz-templates	1	No specific role
alexeya	memoranda	1	Project Manager
alexeya	jnotes	1	No specific role
alexeya	jacinth	1	Project Manager
alexeya	scan	1	No specific role
alexeya	xmlsite	1	Project Manager
alexeyf	ojab	1	Developer
alexeykrv	jira-in-agile	1	No specific role
alexeyve	ixsf	1	Project Manager
alexeyver	ixsf	1	No specific role
alexey_	kvirc	0	Developer
alexey_gaidukov	sqljep	1	No specific role
alexey_gaidukov	dbmt	1	Developer
alexey_m	addressbook-s	1	No specific role
alexey_nap	dnap	0	Developer
alexey_pres	qtpl	1	No specific role
alexey_r	rssless	1	No specific role
alexe_cn	shellweb	1	No specific role
alexe_cn	openshell	1	No specific role
alexf	robosoft	1	No specific role
alexfa	qfdl	1	No specific role
alexfa	pyrel	1	Developer
alexfa	sdlfreetype	1	Developer
alexfa	lotb	1	Analysis / Design
alexfa	encosys	1	Developer
alexfc	students-52n	0	Developer
alexferny	chimpy	1	No specific role
alexfh	gameengine	0	Developer
alexfiennes	webmacro	0	Developer
alexfiori	freek	1	Developer
alexflek	vsyn	0	No specific role
alexfont	twin-e	0	Developer
alexfont	lba2engine	1	Developer
alexfont	lbaprojects	0	Web Designer
alexford87	populace	1	No specific role
alexfru	nasm	0	Developer
alexfu	javagroups	0	Developer
alexg12	netedit	1	No specific role
alexg7	eventswatch	1	Developer
alexg7	dems	0	Developer
alexg87	jadetalk	0	No specific role
alexgarzao	yapg	1	No specific role
alexgarzao	holo	0	No specific role
alexgarzao	holovm	1	No specific role
alexgc	team190	0	Developer
alexgenaud	palireader	0	Developer
alexgenaud	vicaya	1	Project Manager
alexgerard	opale	1	Developer
alexgirao	atma	1	Project Manager
alexgirao	gcslib	1	No specific role
alexgirao	enterprisec	1	No specific role
alexgleich	aclean	1	All-Hands Person
alexgmartinez	mailstarsf	1	No specific role
alexgmartinez	jdbnuke	1	No specific role
alexgoesmann	gendb	0	Project Manager
alexgona	strutstest	1	Project Manager
alexgorlov	tfcontrol	0	No specific role
alexgr79	pharmaplus	1	No specific role
alexgreen	uni-loop	1	No specific role
alexgs	pymorph	0	Developer
alexgs	ortoprog	1	No specific role
alexgsilva	greenpencil	1	Developer
alexgzt	hnpnren	0	Web Designer
alexha	dboxjffs2	1	No specific role
alexhack	convtuxcmd	1	No specific role
alexhau	adodotnetsqlite	1	Developer
alexhausen	simm4j	1	Developer
alexhcwan	webteam	0	Developer
alexheal	wallbuilder	0	Developer
alexhessemann	dr-tools	1	No specific role
alexholden	ferite	0	Developer
alexholkner	fasttime	1	No specific role
alexholkner	mathgl-pp	0	Developer
alexholkner	chrolog	0	Developer
alexhopkins	itool	1	No specific role
alexhopla	ng-cftor	1	No specific role
alexhornby	quickfix	0	Developer
alexhornby	libodbcxx	1	Developer
alexhsamuel	pyhep	1	No specific role
alexhuang2005	osmrc	1	No specific role
alexiadeath	widelands	0	Graphic/Other Designer
alexial	avalon-online	1	No specific role
alexibu	celestia	0	Developer
alexice	icetools	1	No specific role
alexijenks	tokenizer	1	Developer
alexili	cama	1	No specific role
alexinho1	spacewarrior	0	Tester
alexios	megistos	1	All-Hands Person
alexisb	chateverywhere	1	Project Manager
alexisgg	tipidmd	0	Developer
alexisisaac	soleditor	1	No specific role
alexisisaac	flashmidi	1	No specific role
alexisnagy	woped	0	Developer
alexispalmer	ccgcookbook	1	Developer
alexispoedavis	naming-survey	1	No specific role
alexissmirnov	xsd2db	1	No specific role
alexissoft	freedaisy	1	Developer
alexisstarbrook	lsl	1	No specific role
alexist	ogmtoavi	0	Developer
alexistoulotte	sapl	1	No specific role
alexisv	qcleaner	1	No specific role
alexis_auriole	melting-vote	1	No specific role
alexis_wilke	unigw	1	No specific role
alexis_wilke	gnuwin32	0	Developer
alexis_wilke	aftp	1	No specific role
alexis_wilke	amake	1	No specific role
alexis_wilke	apple-emulator	1	No specific role
alexis_wilke	edll	1	No specific role
alexis_wilke	libx3d	1	No specific role
alexis_wilke	boost-extras	1	No specific role
alexis_wilke	solitaire	1	No specific role
alexis_wilke	sswf	1	No specific role
alexjackmac	tablet-apps	1	No specific role
alexjaya	iseries-toolkit	0	Developer
alexjc	fear	1	All-Hands Person
alexjc	ai-standards	0	All-Hands Person
alexjc	alive	1	Developer
alexjcampbell	nteam	0	Project Manager
alexjfeingold	emr3	0	Tester
alexjh	ecmedit	1	No specific role
alexjianghl	phpftp	1	Developer
alexjmackey	devcafe	1	No specific role
alexjmackey	beretta	1	Developer
alexjost	openquasar	1	All-Hands Person
alexjunq	jeez	0	Project Manager
alexk	librutex	1	No specific role
alexkbs	sphan	1	No specific role
alexkbs	phpgb	1	No specific role
alexkent	smacq	0	Developer
alexkern	dboxxer	1	No specific role
alexkhansen	fink	0	Support Manager
alexkhansen	finkcommander	0	No specific role
alexkid2000	fortesreport	0	Developer
alexkill	lt4el	1	No specific role
alexkirsch	hypknowsys	0	No specific role
alexkoay88	hack3r-teen	1	No specific role
alexkoay88	nircbot	1	No specific role
alexkon	interesting	1	No specific role
alexkorban	dsnviewer	1	No specific role
alexkostin	ravl	0	Developer
alexkotov	vhcs	1	No specific role
alexkoval	redg-analize	1	No specific role
alexkoval	hdgshop	1	No specific role
alexkoval	zwarehouse	1	No specific role
alexkoval	bind-secondary	1	No specific role
alexkrauss	afp	0	Developer
alexkreuz	fusion	1	No specific role
alexkreuz	financemonitor	1	No specific role
alexkreuz	punchout	1	No specific role
alexkreuz	mrobe	1	No specific role
alexkrowitz	giftlist	1	No specific role
alexksso	kii-frame	1	No specific role
alexkucherenko	todolst	1	Project Manager
alexkucherenko	protasks	1	No specific role
alexkwolfe	prvdnc	1	No specific role
alexkwolfe	athens	1	Developer
alexl	texidoclet	1	All-Hands Person
alexl	swarm	1	All-Hands Person
alexlam99	isbiology	0	Developer
alexlamsl	napkinlaf	0	Developer
alexlarsson	librsvg	1	Project Manager
alexleeee	coreweb	1	No specific role
alexleeee	corecrm	1	No specific role
alexleonov	runcms	0	Developer
alexli	blog42	1	No specific role
alexlist	biosig	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
alexlopa	os-sim	0	Tester
alexlp	elphel	0	Developer
alexlrg	hope-f	1	Project Manager
alexluo	plabs	1	No specific role
alexlurye	distjc	1	Developer
alexm	quest-ed	1	No specific role
alexmac	zeioblast	1	No specific role
alexmacmillan	fu-cms	1	No specific role
alexmal	rusxmms	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
alexmartins	xdoclet-plugins	0	No specific role
alexmashko	apatar	0	Developer
alexmax	vcsreport	1	Project Manager
alexmayr	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
alexmc	diversebooks	1	No specific role
alexmc	osssupport	1	No specific role
alexmcmanus	tinyndi	1	No specific role
alexmehrle	miaca	1	No specific role
alexmensky	xptable	0	Developer
alexmensky	peertunes	1	No specific role
alexmerz	sasi	1	No specific role
alexmessiahalex	powerlife122	1	No specific role
alexmessiahalex	powerlife	1	No specific role
alexmessiahalex	bot-msn	0	Developer
alexmikro	heraclitus	1	No specific role
alexmilowski	xxc	1	No specific role
alexmilowski	exist	0	Developer
alexmilowski	atomojo	1	No specific role
alexmipego	centaurious	1	Developer
alexmipego	simios	1	Developer
alexmiro	openphonon	1	No specific role
alexmiro	pydvt	1	No specific role
alexmmul	fileboard2	1	No specific role
alexmoore	j-ref	1	No specific role
alexmoreno	pypyme	0	Developer
alexmoreno	keymaster	1	No specific role
alexmoreno	wallendar	1	Developer
alexmot	gpsbabel	0	Developer
alexmot	phpnuke65-cpg	0	Developer
alexneo	gallery-manager	1	No specific role
alexnet	agentspace	1	All-Hands Person
alexnet	jgossipforum	0	Developer
alexnet	bre4j	1	No specific role
alexnoffe	dragoncms	1	No specific role
alexnofftz	dsaman	1	Project Manager
alexnorman	atsa	1	No specific role
alexnorth	jtcg	1	No specific role
alexnu	mtop	0	Developer
alexoculus	splattforum	0	Developer
alexodus	amr2wav	1	No specific role
alexoh	xdaq	0	Developer
alexom	dmircd	1	No specific role
alexorso	argjaba	1	No specific role
alexorso	insectj	1	Project Manager
alexoss	tsyslogd	1	No specific role
alexoss	libodbcxx	0	Developer
alexostleitner	wowcastparty	0	Support Technician
alexotan	gmyth	1	Developer
alexpelosi	musb-driver	1	No specific role
alexperry	mgpsxi	1	No specific role
alexperry	pyserial	0	Developer
alexperry	fgatd	1	Project Manager
alexperry	flightgear	0	Developer
alexperry	plib	0	Developer
alexperry	manga-2-6-x	0	Developer
alexperry	candetect	1	No specific role
alexperry	cnen	1	Project Manager
alexpeshkoff	firebird	0	Developer
alexpetry	task-timer	1	No specific role
alexpf	ddg	1	Project Manager
alexph	wxxcd	0	Developer
alexpod	cdbakeoven	1	No specific role
alexpor	icewmsilverxp	1	No specific role
alexpor	md5guard	1	No specific role
alexportnov	quantitymanager	1	No specific role
alexpowell700	hsfi	1	No specific role
alexprince	cpp-rpg	1	No specific role
alexp_22	aeris3d	0	Developer
alexr	tortoisecvs	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
alexr74	gcv	1	No specific role
alexrait1	ilradio	1	Developer
alexrandnmt	lamemac	1	No specific role
alexrayne	avr10-firmware	1	No specific role
alexrbenatti	sismail	1	No specific role
alexrdz	a-r-e-a	0	Developer
alexreg	messengerdotnet	1	Project Manager
alexreg	obfsctordotnet	1	Project Manager
alexreynolds	mlabtismodel	0	Developer
alexrezid	sitephoto	1	No specific role
alexrh	leaf	0	Developer
alexrhill	jedimail	1	No specific role
alexrivera	easyip	1	No specific role
alexrj	macgpg	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
alexrj	ezmlm-www	1	Project Manager
alexrk	incanto	1	No specific role
alexrosiu	sphereums	1	Developer
alexrosiu	upb-diploma	1	No specific role
alexs81	selfdhcp	1	No specific role
alexs81	olimpo	1	No specific role
alexsaa	winlirc	0	No specific role
alexsagemorgan	biocreative	1	Developer
alexsatti	tuxboxgames	0	Graphic/Other Designer
alexsatti	sandymp3	1	No specific role
alexsavin	angajati	1	No specific role
alexsb	madoc	1	No specific role
alexsb	prmdb	1	No specific role
alexsb	imedgine	1	Developer
alexseewald	pocketgnugo	0	Developer
alexsh	fwadmin	1	No specific role
alexshepard	weyland	1	No specific role
alexshepard	jactid	1	No specific role
alexshor	cppserv	0	Developer
alexsid	pykdump	1	No specific role
alexsilv	advcad	1	No specific role
alexsilv	mxml	0	Developer
alexsilv	cabal-net	0	Developer
alexsilv	wefts	0	Developer
alexsiri7	bisna	1	All-Hands Person
alexsiri7	phpwebbuilder	1	Project Manager
alexsisson	w00t	1	No specific role
alexsisson	gcpi	1	No specific role
alexsisson	shed	1	Project Manager
alexsisson	sbcd	1	No specific role
alexsisson	noogtella	1	No specific role
alexsisson	bosh	1	No specific role
alexsisson	sntracker	1	Project Manager
alexsivokho	telscript	1	No specific role
alexskynet	snort2pf	0	All-Hands Person
alexsmr	autoeclipse	1	No specific role
alexsmr	facelets	1	No specific role
alexsofronia	seide-433	0	Developer
alexsong	piconet	1	No specific role
alexsott	tclodb-lame	1	No specific role
alexsott	gpsd	1	No specific role
alexsott	gippo	1	No specific role
alexspaniol	andecerto	1	Project Manager
alexss15	pkg	1	No specific role
alexstanciu	fbmanager	0	Web Designer
alexstanciu	flamerobin	0	Web Designer
alexstanciu	rodot	1	Project Manager
alexstansfield	geosync	1	No specific role
alexstohr	dtelnet	1	Developer
alexstr	hydraaudio	0	Developer
alexstrickland	hwgui	0	Developer
alexstrickland	harbour-project	0	Developer
alexstrickland	xharbour	0	No specific role
alexsx	pasamuf	0	Developer
alexte	gakusei	0	Developer
alextepes	snro	1	No specific role
alexteugels	adv-net-forums	1	Developer
alextexel	osfinancials	0	Tester
alextheblade	elechat	1	No specific role
alextheblade	trilliansip	1	Developer
alexthepuffin	afpfs-ng	1	No specific role
alexthreed	snt	1	No specific role
alextingle	omnievents	1	No specific role
alextingle	omniifr	1	Developer
alextingle	wpcal	1	Project Manager
alextp	indigente	0	Developer
alextreme	hvahelpdesk	1	All-Hands Person
alextreme	herrieschopper	1	No specific role
alextreme	aapje	1	Developer
alextreme	pendesktop	0	No specific role
alextreme	nwring	1	No specific role
alextreme	morphix	1	All-Hands Person
alextreme	lulul	1	All-Hands Person
alextweedly	pythoncard	1	Developer
alexu	animationpackag	1	No specific role
alexutab	wintriangle	0	Developer
alexval	openwaves	1	No specific role
alexvallat	album-art	0	Developer
alexvam	osc-reloaded	1	Project Manager
alexvam	xtc-vam	1	Developer
alexvaughn	openvote	0	No specific role
alexvi	movifax	1	No specific role
alexvi	movtable	1	No specific role
alexviejo	digger-reloaded	0	Project Manager
alexvigdor	hypercontent	1	No specific role
alexvins	aerials-vs-xcom	1	Developer
alexvn	huffman-ta	1	No specific role
alexvn	turing-machine	1	No specific role
alexvn	fib-number	1	No specific role
alexvn	comb-objects	1	No specific role
alexvn	cpp-perfometer	1	No specific role
alexvn	cpp-sockets	1	No specific role
alexvn	cpp-bigint	1	No specific role
alexvn	cncc	1	No specific role
alexvnet	siteframework	1	No specific role
alexvolkov	ssrtech	1	All-Hands Person
alexvolkov	vagrant	0	Developer
alexvx	myphpframework	1	No specific role
alexvz	jguic	1	Developer
alexw	btxe	0	No specific role
alexwalters1985	spms	0	Tester
alexwe	amiopenoffice	0	No specific role
alexweidauer	geoblock	0	Developer
alexwilhelm	smartbomb	1	Developer
alexws	audioscrobbler	0	Developer
alexws	pyxul	1	No specific role
alexx2000	doublecmd	1	No specific role
alexxander_dev	osrpgcreation	0	Developer
alexxus	xoops	0	Developer
alexxwiz	trafacc	1	All-Hands Person
alexxx42	ftts	1	Developer
alexxxm	singing-ca	1	No specific role
alexxxm	oracolo	1	No specific role
alexxy	josi-solar	1	No specific role
alexxy	libxml2f90	1	No specific role
alexxz	dbf2ora	1	No specific role
alexx_	contentix	0	Developer
alexx_s	palmfiction	0	Graphic/Other Designer
alexycyap	molevolve	1	No specific role
alexycyap	cybertester	1	No specific role
alexyeo	fddtools	0	Developer
alexyeo	jkernel	1	No specific role
alexzax	justenter	0	Project Manager
alexzing	phpforgecounter	1	No specific role
alex_1	jmsn	0	Developer
alex_1	joustim	0	No specific role
alex_1	joustsim	0	No specific role
alex_1	jclaim	1	All-Hands Person
alex_25	x-table	1	No specific role
alex_777	ohaha	0	No specific role
alex_a66	wwget	1	No specific role
alex_ab	jca1cadapter	0	Developer
alex_aliaev	ncm-dot-net	1	No specific role
alex_alo	alox	1	Project Manager
alex_aminoff	autolink	1	No specific role
alex_andrei	geeko-cms	1	No specific role
alex_b	net-snmp	0	Developer
alex_b	xqf	1	Developer
alex_b	snmppfw	1	No specific role
alex_b	snmptt	1	No specific role
alex_balin	pngwebeditor	1	Developer
alex_batlin	cq-ant-tasks	1	No specific role
alex_benson	mixlanguage	1	No specific role
alex_bernardino	yarp0	0	Tester
alex_bix	voiceone	1	Project Manager
alex_blanquer	stdb	0	Developer
alex_bob	qt1l	0	Developer
alex_bondar	luzan	1	Developer
alex_bov	opencvlibrary	0	Developer
alex_brasil	crystalline	1	Project Manager
alex_b_bg	yabb	0	Developer
alex_c	skulepenguins	1	No specific role
alex_c	duckstein	1	All-Hands Person
alex_c-libre	neogia	0	Developer
alex_catt	floatingchat	1	No specific role
alex_chang	jsvalidate	0	Analysis / Design
alex_const	mosesdecoder	0	No specific role
alex_crycek	urbus	0	Developer
alex_degarate	harbour-project	0	Developer
alex_dep	libsco	1	No specific role
alex_dov	free-scada	0	Developer
alex_eisen	pygccxml	0	Developer
alex_enea	poesia	1	No specific role
alex_extreme	ppcguide	1	No specific role
alex_extreme	popcorn-os	0	Developer
alex_extreme	ppcui	1	No specific role
alex_extreme	ape	1	No specific role
alex_extreme	tkchat	1	Web Designer
alex_extreme	liquidirc	1	No specific role
alex_e_basta	avisynth2	0	Doc Writer
alex_freire	arara	0	Tester
alex_freire	arca	1	Project Manager
alex_freire	krico	0	Developer
alex_freire	xpusp	1	All-Hands Person
alex_freire	tikiwiki	0	Developer
alex_freire	dsateclipse	0	Developer
alex_freire	charba	1	Project Manager
alex_g	lifecycle-mgr	1	No specific role
alex_gilboa	pymock	1	Developer
alex_gomes	amb-free	1	No specific role
alex_gorban	math-twg	1	No specific role
alex_grey	xmultiplier	1	No specific role
alex_grom	subdmin	1	No specific role
alex_guy	euronode	1	Project Manager
alex_guy	neuroscan	1	Project Manager
alex_hal9000	gcode	1	No specific role
alex_hal9000	liquidus	1	No specific role
alex_holmes	uddibrowser	1	No specific role
alex_iliasov	cama	1	Project Manager
alex_iliasov	lemick	1	No specific role
alex_itd	justtosser	0	Developer
alex_iv	pdfsw	1	No specific role
alex_iza	eas-dev	0	Developer
alex_joni	emc	1	All-Hands Person
alex_k	aqsis	0	Tester
alex_k78	nrh-up2date	1	No specific role
alex_kh	s1mp3	0	Developer
alex_kiselev	sqldirectory	1	No specific role
alex_last	last-comp	1	Project Manager
alex_lerch	feapi	1	Developer
alex_little	ldplayer	1	No specific role
alex_little	joinin	1	No specific role
alex_little	ccsi	0	Developer
alex_little	cetis-es	0	Developer
alex_little	moodle	0	Developer
alex_malic	dhtmlwindowmngr	1	Project Manager
alex_mcdonald	win32forth	1	Project Manager
alex_mincu	graphic-calc	1	Project Manager
alex_mon	kstars	0	Developer
alex_mon	dbdom	0	No specific role
alex_mon	overlord	0	Developer
alex_muntada	docscaliu	1	Project Manager
alex_muzzetta	bttvx	0	No specific role
alex_nanou	hystrix	1	No specific role
alex_nanou	eryx	1	No specific role
alex_nanou	rentoc	1	No specific role
alex_nanou	parus	0	Developer
alex_nanou	pli	1	No specific role
alex_nikulin	lebon	0	No specific role
alex_nj	carvingdbg	0	No specific role
alex_od	bugtrack	1	No specific role
alex_pancescu	jipm	1	No specific role
alex_pavlenko	scmstat	0	All-Hands Person
alex_peake	schematics	1	Developer
alex_petuhov	treedl	0	Developer
alex_petuhov	smaptools	1	No specific role
alex_pira	uln	1	Developer
alex_pira	ebiff	0	Developer
alex_popovich	jbam	0	Developer
alex_pretty	cheat	1	No specific role
alex_ramos	hp48xgcc	1	No specific role
alex_ramos	javastock	1	No specific role
alex_ramos	plwinmacro	1	No specific role
alex_ramos	voicecode	0	Developer
alex_raven	cwlib	1	No specific role
alex_robin	sensorml	1	Project Manager
alex_romanenko	kbdc	1	No specific role
alex_romanenko	visualtex	1	No specific role
alex_rus	rus-virtuemart	0	Developer
alex_sad	rfi	1	No specific role
alex_sbw	ohaha	0	No specific role
alex_schroeder	estudy	0	No specific role
alex_schwartz	imgd3000-yoa	1	No specific role
alex_schwarz	mightyservant	1	Developer
alex_shakhaylo	argus	1	Developer
alex_shashkov	xharbour	0	No specific role
alex_shashkov	harbour-project	0	Developer
alex_shaw	shareazalinux	1	Project Manager
alex_simov	wsmostudio	1	Developer
alex_simov	wsmo4j	0	Developer
alex_sinyakov	menge-engine	1	No specific role
alex_smolen	owasp	0	Developer
alex_smolen	foundstone	1	Unix Admin
alex_smudgy	django-adaptior	1	No specific role
alex_speed	dolserver	0	No specific role
alex_stpinf	freedom-erp	0	Developer
alex_s_2002	nlmake	0	No specific role
alex_theissen	php2icq	1	Unix Admin
alex_tomas	sandiaportals	0	Developer
alex_tomas	ext2	0	No specific role
alex_t_king	documentation	1	No specific role
alex_t_king	cafelog	0	Developer
alex_t_king	readittome	1	No specific role
alex_t_king	icalforoutlook	1	No specific role
alex_t_king	phptagengine	1	No specific role
alex_vas	cba2000frontend	1	All-Hands Person
alex_vodom	fsmbsearch	1	Project Manager
alex_v_t	brm	1	No specific role
alex_williamson	elilo	0	Developer
alex_williamson	acpi-largesys	1	Developer
alex_yanchenko	unixbench	1	No specific role
alex_yanchenko	centricware	1	No specific role
alex_zxc	exuserfolder	0	No specific role
aleytys	xharbour	0	No specific role
alezz	qreader	0	Developer
ale_amory	socgen	1	Project Manager
ale_forlani	isogest	0	Developer
ale_proglio	makehuman	0	Doc Writer
ale_r	palmgsync	1	No specific role
ale_ryu	truco-o-algo	1	No specific role
alf	easylugs	1	No specific role
alf-red	agenda-manager	1	No specific role
alf009	htmltolatex	0	Developer
alf1024	wpldap	1	All-Hands Person
alf239	pso	0	Tester
alf55	dwg-convert	1	No specific role
alfa	sde-tech	1	Developer
alfa	arm0nia	1	Developer
alfa-admin	alfa-bmf	1	Project Manager
alfa-beta	caxo	0	Tester
alfa21	kommute	0	Developer
alfa21	winotfe	1	Project Manager
alfacentauri	alfa-centauri	1	No specific role
alfajbp	barsnpipes	1	No specific role
alfal	mobilemp3	1	No specific role
alfal	dnsupdater	1	No specific role
alfal	proxy-changer	1	No specific role
alfalfro	passwordsafe	0	Developer
alfanet	alfaqtiengine	1	No specific role
alfanet	alfaqtiautor	1	No specific role
alfanetat	alfanetat	1	No specific role
alfanick	bot2c	1	No specific role
alfansa	grouptime	0	Developer
alfapus	osglobelan	1	Developer
alfarabius	openengagement	1	Project Manager
alfarano	morgana	1	Developer
alfarano	myericsson	0	Developer
alfarano	jocr	0	No specific role
alfarano	lacomune	1	No specific role
alfargh	sst	0	No specific role
alfarid23	sitesampler	1	Project Manager
alfatreze	flipds	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
alfbennett	oziac	1	Project Manager
alfborge	frogma	1	No specific role
alfborge	cerebrum	0	Developer
alfcateat	ntbackupscript	1	No specific role
alfedenzo	crfh	1	Developer
alfeller	pipe2	0	Developer
alfeng	dynprobe	0	No specific role
alfeng	dpcl	0	Developer
alferca	metapib	1	No specific role
alferov	xoops	0	Developer
alfie	xblast	1	Project Manager
alfie	libetpan	0	Developer
alfie	francine	1	No specific role
alfie	bbnet	0	All-Hands Person
alfilein	ggame	1	No specific role
alfille	portmonparser	1	No specific role
alfille	metamax	1	No specific role
alfille	owfs	1	Project Manager
alfille	thermocouple	1	No specific role
alfille	first2html	1	No specific role
alfille	rainwise	1	No specific role
alfinal	blogmail	1	Developer
alfio8788	jarocp	1	No specific role
alfirevic	fantastiko	0	Developer
alfonsoacosta	realtimebattle	0	Developer
alfonsoacosta	brcm6345-linux	1	No specific role
alfonsoemc	javagroups	0	Developer
alfonsoml	fckeditor	0	Developer
alfonsomm	mobile-game-is	0	Developer
alfonsw	freerouting	1	No specific role
alfoperna	piccolicomuni	0	Project Manager
alforan	openurllib	1	No specific role
alforan	snoopium	0	Developer
alforan	amrss	1	No specific role
alforan	contact-manager	0	Developer
alforan	codesetslib	1	Developer
alforan	thebar	1	Project Manager
alfred	halflifeadmin	1	Project Manager
alfredh	gnupoc	0	Project Manager
alfredh	esidplay	1	No specific role
alfredh	e32frodo	1	No specific role
alfredio	mp3toogg	1	No specific role
alfredio	reversenat	1	No specific role
alfredjk	qt4tasks	1	Developer
alfredodasilva	uddi4j	0	No specific role
alfredoport	doyencd	1	Developer
alfredos	jmri	0	No specific role
alfredosc8	archinteledi	1	No specific role
alfredo_acr	cybercorps	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
alfredo_benny	treasure-man	1	No specific role
alfredo_casado	jsda	0	No specific role
alfredo_jamb	ejecutasqljamb	1	No specific role
alfredo_luiz	jawlms	0	No specific role
alfredradl	venividiwiki	0	Developer
alfred_doeblin	eulermoz	0	Requirements Engineering
alfred_hallmert	myller	1	No specific role
alfred_tm_leung	jdpanda	0	No specific role
alfrod	care2002	0	Developer
alfryd	majesty-hoa	1	No specific role
alfs	cfv	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
alfstranger	coolplayer	0	Developer
alftberg	cisf	0	Developer
alfuente	pkit	1	No specific role
alfunk	takocompiler	0	No specific role
alf_1960	adagide	0	Developer
alf_zombie	basils	0	Project Manager
alg0	jpim	0	Developer
algar	mdg	1	No specific role
algatoic	x-fire	1	No specific role
algerad	daocmaps	1	No specific role
algerian	dz-phpnuke	1	No specific role
algernon	ratpoison	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
algernon	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
algernon	pop3lite	1	Project Manager
algernon	gofish	0	Developer
algernon	erc	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
algfrig	pycards	0	Developer
algfrig	dragonarmy	1	Developer
alggrd	lt-phpbb-premod	0	Developer
alghanmi	crisisgrid	0	No specific role
alglomana	byodyn	1	Project Manager
algnod	p2h	1	No specific role
algnod	moya	1	Project Manager
algoatc	cnkt	1	No specific role
algobardo	gsdarsan	1	No specific role
algoflash	cacawet	0	Graphic/Other Designer
algol68	portalbuilder	1	No specific role
algol68	estore	1	No specific role
algol68	artifact-proxy	1	No specific role
algol_man	jmax	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
algone	geowsmx	1	No specific role
algonzalez	nl4net	1	No specific role
algore	capi20proxy	0	Tester
algorithm-dev	ebi	1	Developer
algorithm007	caidb	1	No specific role
algorithmic	mouse-password	1	No specific role
algorithmist	gswing	0	Developer
algorithmn	pimps	1	No specific role
algorithms	ircd-cpp	1	All-Hands Person
algreat	weeblefm	1	All-Hands Person
alh	unikom	0	No specific role
alhad	mplaycmd	1	No specific role
alhafidh	rndfilecopier	1	No specific role
alhambra	isisd	0	Developer
alhamdan	bmfo	0	Developer
alharper	menucracker	0	Developer
alharper	ucontrol	0	Developer
alhasan	dmtl	0	Developer
alhensel	golly	0	No specific role
alhimua	keepass	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
alhmodeus	xmn	1	No specific role
ali	bedebug	1	No specific role
ali-alidoust	wow-ms	1	No specific role
ali-sama	xbg	1	No specific role
ali300	schemadiff	1	No specific role
ali4075	qtjplayer	1	No specific role
ali4ever4	jcodebase	1	No specific role
aliah	triversity	1	Graphic/Other Designer
aliakseis	mini-dict	1	No specific role
aliamir	aliamir	1	No specific role
aliandrana	gpadvance	0	Developer
aliartos	wipo	1	No specific role
alias5000	lanchat2-tbx	1	All-Hands Person
aliasgar_jh	bww-irc	0	Developer
aliasx	robugs3d	1	Developer
aliasxneo	kami	1	No specific role
aliasxneo	l2panel	1	Project Manager
aliasxneo	phpalias	1	No specific role
alias_jargon	roe	1	No specific role
alias_jargon	s6n	1	No specific role
aliatiana	sourceseek	1	Developer
aliazarbayejani	boost	0	Developer
alibaba537	webenftpd	0	Developer
alibanfr	intact	0	Developer
alibee	jwidefender	1	Developer
alibloke	libl3d	1	Developer
alibman	jproactor	1	Developer
alibombali	phpeselgui	0	Developer
alica-kristin	siteviz	1	Developer
alicanmogol	xphp	1	No specific role
alicat	psuprog	0	No specific role
alicat	genedb	0	No specific role
alice31	bugzilla-fr	0	No specific role
alicebotmaster	alicebot	1	No specific role
alicechsi	brlcad	0	No specific role
alicediee	grapevine-gui	0	Developer
alicelee	administration	0	Developer
alicelix	prospec	0	Developer
aliceman	termos	1	No specific role
alicemirror	palmtv	1	No specific role
alicewang	explosionman	0	Developer
alice_user	elementsystem	1	No specific role
alice_user	hair-salon	1	No specific role
alice_user	sportstation	1	No specific role
alicher	sectool-db	1	No specific role
alichius	krysalis	0	Developer
alichius	metamorphosis	0	Developer
alicialcc	enterprise	0	Developer
aliciftcioglu	estudy	0	No specific role
alicubed	id-validate	0	Developer
alidan	care2002	0	Developer
alidhaey	orangeade	1	No specific role
alidhaey	phpkrond	1	No specific role
alidigitaly	submerged	1	Project Manager
aliebling	vassalengine	0	Developer
aliekens	qonk	1	Developer
aliem	aspace	1	Developer
alien-science	murk	1	All-Hands Person
alien13	alien13	1	No specific role
alien2k4	jowl	1	No specific role
alien2k4	jwow	1	No specific role
alien2x	adpsys	1	No specific role
alien88	mp3center	0	Tester
alien999999999	phpsudoku	1	No specific role
alien999999999	subsync	1	No specific role
alien999999999	dynarr	1	No specific role
alien999999999	oriongame	0	Developer
alien999999999	libbt	0	Developer
alienax	sphere	0	Developer
alienbat2	wsstore	1	No specific role
alienbat2	personal-acc	1	No specific role
aliendrumbunny	hamsterhunter	1	Graphic/Other Designer
alienhard	exercise3d	0	No specific role
alienhunter	sgal4pivot	1	No specific role
alienid	muos	1	No specific role
alienid	blua	0	Developer
alienit	netblend	1	No specific role
alienoid	archetypes	0	Developer
alienoid	collective	0	Developer
alienoid	ploneboard	0	Developer
alienoid	plone-i18n	0	Developer
alienor	reseau-electriq	1	No specific role
alienpeach	dxpopup	1	No specific role
alienprotocol	konspire	0	No specific role
alienratt	ccg-connect	1	All-Hands Person
aliensoft_org	secure-slinux	1	No specific role
alienuser	lars	1	No specific role
alien_lugwv	komport	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
alien_sarov	calc-3d	0	No specific role
alierak	tinymush	1	All-Hands Person
aliergin	sema	1	Developer
alieus	parch	0	Editorial/Content Writer
alif666	umasm	1	No specific role
alifesoft	eds	1	No specific role
aligas	javahmo	0	No specific role
aligrudi	jpd	1	Developer
aligrudi	job-scheduler	1	No specific role
aligrudi	rope	1	No specific role
aligrudi	gnu-conquest	1	All-Hands Person
aliguori	gtk-vnc	1	No specific role
aliguori	willpos	1	No specific role
aliguori	lbpp	1	Developer
alih	minidjvu	1	No specific role
alih	djvu	0	No specific role
alihelmy	daedalus-os	1	Project Manager
alijman	the-temple	1	No specific role
alik	wxtoolbox	1	No specific role
alikas	chitanie	1	No specific role
alikas	alikokalba	1	No specific role
alikhalidilug	aousis	1	Developer
alikhan78	algebradb	0	Developer
alikian	datatransfer	1	No specific role
alikizil	msp	1	No specific role
alil	purple	1	Developer
alil	oooneida-wb	0	No specific role
alil	yaprm	1	Project Manager
aliloko	cppong	0	Developer
alimae	gardenstate	0	Project Manager
alimalik	opentaps	0	No specific role
alimanfoo	conception	1	Project Manager
alimani	icme	0	No specific role
alimbas	limbas	1	Project Manager
alimdi	openchange	1	Unix Admin
alimills	asunit	1	Project Manager
aliminator	crocus	0	Developer
alimony	shakespeer	0	Support Manager
alimyr	uml2navigator	1	No specific role
alin02	spreadsmart	0	No specific role
alin04	spyjar	0	Developer
alin04	rptserver	0	Developer
alin04	photoservlet	0	Developer
alin74	himalaya-tools	0	Developer
alinavolocaru	prmanager	0	No specific role
alindblad	tahoe	0	Developer
alindeman	drs	1	Project Manager
alindeman	kryten	1	No specific role
alindeman	gallery-contrib	0	Developer
alindeman	gallery	0	Support Technician
alinden	embedded	1	No specific role
alinden	tinyupsd	1	No specific role
alinden	phpbasket	1	No specific role
alindh	tambur	1	No specific role
alindstrom	reef	1	No specific role
alingsjtu	tlfc	0	No specific role
alinpopa	darkbytes	1	Developer
alinpopa	joramon	1	Developer
alinutza_moisa	strafe	0	Developer
alinuxit	phpsaconfig	0	Developer
alinv	jazzerp	0	Developer
alinv	compierejaper	0	Developer
alinx	kguitar	0	Developer
alin_ass	nanhillplatform	1	Project Manager
alin_sinpalean	jtds	1	Developer
aliocha	lemonldap	1	Project Manager
aliona	pedagogica	1	Developer
alios	opennautic	1	Project Manager
alios	arkon	0	No specific role
aliotti	sistctrlacesso	1	No specific role
alipha	axirc	1	Developer
alipha	osbot	0	No specific role
alipha	boost-sandbox	0	No specific role
aliq	shawn	1	Project Manager
aliraza	takhleeq	1	No specific role
alireza	jaba	0	Developer
alireza_sami	j2eenirvana	1	No specific role
alireza_sami	ejbmail	1	All-Hands Person
alirussell	mspace	1	Developer
alis06	kingmu	1	No specific role
alisa_soft	tinydynapage	1	No specific role
alisdairm27386	boost	0	Developer
alisdairowens	mspace	1	No specific role
alise	bloodybeard	0	Editorial/Content Writer
alisenberg	griderportlets	1	Project Manager
alison91	dean	0	No specific role
alisonatwork	kta	1	No specific role
alisonatwork	jta	0	No specific role
alisonluiz	king-pro	1	Developer
alisovoi	asw	1	Project Manager
alisoylu	nocc	0	Developer
alissah	uwcampusnav	0	Developer
alissonmd	jcaixa	1	Developer
alissonwilker	mediaboxproject	1	No specific role
alissonyagi	webvhc	1	Developer
alisson_gomes	jkniv	1	No specific role
alisson_gomes	pamrad	1	No specific role
alistair	geotools	0	No specific role
alistairb	dbrb	1	Developer
alistaire	elml	0	Developer
alistairf	ravl	0	Developer
alistairjones	rivulet	1	No specific role
alistairjones	linkplugin	1	No specific role
alistairn	metanode	0	Developer
alistairskye	bodington	0	Developer
alistairskye	cetis-es	0	Developer
alistairskye	siva	0	Developer
alistairskye	guanxi	1	Developer
alistair_c	smartfrog	0	Developer
alistair_uk	escalate-mod	1	No specific role
alister-oss	ibm-slrp	1	Web Designer
alister-oss	lsid	1	Web Designer
alister_fiend	kderdesktopgui	1	No specific role
alita	minigl	0	No specific role
alitaleg	edt	1	Developer
alitis	rpgfrs	1	No specific role
alito	smallpotato	1	No specific role
alito	pymssql	1	Developer
alito	glimmer	1	All-Hands Person
alito	agisim	0	Developer
alitp	drive2gether	0	Developer
alitrix	fishbot	1	No specific role
alius	systemtier	1	No specific role
alivardar	qvwm	1	Developer
alive-dsn	thinking-forth	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
alive88	cf-league	1	No specific role
alivecmh	tokcok	0	No specific role
alivecmh	piscesworks	1	Developer
alives	moonsoon	1	No specific role
alives	lixoo	1	Web Designer
alivin70	nfcchat	0	Developer
alivin70	phpdig	1	Analysis / Design
aliwood	codebank	0	Web Designer
alixaxel	guns	1	No specific role
alixg	xdflengine	0	Project Manager
alixx	aporm	1	No specific role
alizmus	weblocos	0	Web Designer
ali_anarres	gravel	1	Developer
ali_azzanagui	agorae	0	Developer
ali_chohan	gotmessenger	1	Project Manager
ali_chohan	systemudvikling	1	Project Manager
ali_elhefnawy	mufix	0	Developer
ali_ix	loubia-cp	0	Web Designer
ali_m80	gamemakeride	1	No specific role
ali_muhammad_ca	jmatlab	1	No specific role
ali_salehi	gsn	1	Project Manager
ali_salehi	globalsn	1	No specific role
ali_salehi	mysql2java	1	No specific role
ali_salehi	sql2java	0	No specific role
ali_shabdar	educator	1	No specific role
ali_shabdar	gozaresh	1	No specific role
aljen	befree	0	Developer
aljen	begadu	1	No specific role
aljona	concert	1	No specific role
alkaid	lugman	0	Developer
alkaine	winlang3d	1	All-Hands Person
alkalimero	opensubsystems	0	Developer
alkaline	airlcd	1	All-Hands Person
alkaline886	evnhor	1	Project Manager
alkalinex	frostwire	1	Project Manager
alkalinex	pjirc	0	Developer
alkalino	webuylug	0	Developer
alkalino	lesp	1	Developer
alkaloids	yasse	0	Developer
alkas	e107	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
alkas	e107lithuanian	1	No specific role
alkem	open-gmf	1	No specific role
alkema_jan	ph0n	0	Developer
alkema_jm	gtlin	0	Developer
alkenstein	softsynth	0	Developer
alkero	opprode	1	No specific role
alkhimey	weboperatingsys	0	Developer
alkindus	free-orion	1	Developer
alkinsor	jed-d2h	0	Developer
alkirkus	cocoapsql	1	No specific role
alkise	boost	0	Developer
alkise	belote	1	No specific role
alkise	rsim-neural-bp	1	Developer
alkiser	evilpandy3d	1	Web Designer
alkiser	anarchyoffline	1	Project Manager
alkisg	activityspace	1	No specific role
alkisg	ompi	1	Developer
alkis_clio	oge	0	Developer
alklazema	pwxgen	1	Developer
alklein	ssclient	0	Tester
alklinga	planetlab	1	Developer
alkorr	rockbox	0	Developer
alkresin	harbour-project	1	Project Manager
alkresin	hwgui	1	No specific role
alkresin	hwguiide	1	Project Manager
alkrun	flide	1	No specific role
alktheone	cupydon	1	No specific role
all-x	treedl	1	No specific role
all-x	smaptools	0	No specific role
all-x	bnftool	1	No specific role
all4brandy	fhtw-ra-p3	1	No specific role
all8up	wsw	1	All-Hands Person
allad	fastcalc	1	No specific role
alladus	blogzone	0	Developer
allairis	synergycms	1	No specific role
allalforge	lensframe	0	Developer
allan-ritchie	anthem-dot-net	0	No specific role
allanblackwell	sysmod	0	No specific role
allanblackwell	idxml	0	Developer
allanbush	vtigercrm	0	Developer
allanbutton	alvincms	0	Developer
allancaplan	pmd	0	Developer
allandewar	afid	0	Developer
allaneising	authpfng	1	No specific role
allanhk	aitestbed	0	Developer
allani	openb2b	0	Analysis / Design
allanj	ispconfig	0	Developer
allanlewis	irunninglog	1	No specific role
allanlinuxmg	slackfiles	1	No specific role
allanlykke	js-validate	1	No specific role
allanmadsen	carcpu	1	No specific role
allanmarcus	exposure	1	No specific role
allanon	afterstep	1	No specific role
allanon	xtiming	1	No specific role
allanon79	jfl	0	Developer
allanonxx	falconcms	0	Tester
allansimonsen	gamedevtools	1	No specific role
allansims	forsamplot	1	No specific role
allanvanhulst	logilogi	0	Developer
allanvv	thang	1	Developer
allanwright	freepcb	1	No specific role
allanxu	cageo	1	No specific role
allanxu	golp	1	No specific role
allan_bernard	cardinalcms	1	No specific role
allan_ditzel	jsecurity	0	All-Hands Person
allan_go	sys-doc	1	No specific role
allan_kardek	folha-livre	1	No specific role
allan_kuchinsky	csbi	0	Developer
allan_linga	myrpg	0	Developer
allaoua	eclic	1	No specific role
allapb	gil	0	Analysis / Design
allardhoeve	genbuf	1	Developer
allardhoeve	mod-accounting	1	Developer
allaryia	allaryia	1	No specific role
allaryin	simud	1	Unix Admin
allchemic	mybb-polish	1	No specific role
allcolor	shanidom	1	No specific role
allcolor	csjbind	1	Project Manager
allcolor	crystal	0	No specific role
allcolor	yawda	1	No specific role
alldrix	notes2	0	Graphic/Other Designer
alle0441	smartnet	0	Developer
alledm	maiale	1	No specific role
allefant	allefant	0	Distributor/Promoter
allegdev	freeallegiance	1	All-Hands Person
allegretto	gnt	1	No specific role
allegrip	poesia	0	No specific role
allegrocm	radius	1	No specific role
allegroconmolto	bt-thud	0	Developer
allegroconmolto	basie	1	Project Manager
allegroo	allegroo	1	No specific role
alleigh	pystack	1	Developer
allektosoftware	openbm	1	No specific role
allelimo	shellwm	1	Project Manager
allelimo	indiestep	1	Developer
allelimo	alphasoft	1	No specific role
allelimo	alphaedit3	1	No specific role
allelimo	emerge	1	Project Manager
allemelz	gasp	1	All-Hands Person
allena28	xmltv	0	Developer
allenb	xml-cppdom	1	All-Hands Person
allenb	opensg	0	No specific role
allenb	vrsource	1	No specific role
allenb	vrjuggler	1	All-Hands Person
allenb	vrjtoolbox	1	Developer
allenb	animaniac	1	All-Hands Person
allenb	ggt	1	Project Manager
allenb	sgbenchmark	1	No specific role
allenb	subsynth	0	Analysis / Design
allenb	doozer	0	Requirements Engineering
allenb	isugamedev	0	Developer
allenb	pygccxml	0	Developer
allenchue	ichatle	1	No specific role
allenchue	omegatplus	0	Developer
allenchue	inspirento	1	No specific role
allenchue	svc	1	Developer
allenchue	columns	1	Developer
allenchue	magiccollection	0	Developer
allendang	typerunner	1	No specific role
allenday	turnkey	1	Project Manager
allenday	multiplex	1	Project Manager
allenday	nelsonlab	1	Developer
allenday	mged	1	No specific role
allenday	gmod	1	Project Manager
allenday	geneontology	0	Developer
allenday	genex	0	Developer
allenday	genoviz	1	Developer
allenday	apachemp3	1	Developer
allenday	biopackages	1	No specific role
allenday	celsius	1	No specific role
allenday	cgi-widget	1	No specific role
allenday	obo	1	Developer
allenday	svg-graph	1	Project Manager
allenday	sqlfairy	0	Developer
allendowney	lumpy	1	No specific role
allendra	tipod	1	No specific role
allenforsythe	qashmoney	1	No specific role
allengrace	marcpm	0	Developer
allenhadden	defectspy	1	No specific role
allenh_aus	elucida	1	No specific role
allenjensen	viewperf	0	Developer
allenleex	sapbomhelper	1	No specific role
allenleung	smlnj	1	Developer
allenleung	prop-cc	0	Developer
allenrmaher	harpchargen	1	Developer
allentiak	pandora	0	Doc Writer
allentianlu	ddit	1	No specific role
allenu	txds	1	No specific role
allenu	theclans	1	No specific role
allenu	bazaar	1	No specific role
allenvpn	focalpoint	1	No specific role
allenwagner	magikcmpnts	0	Developer
allenzhou	troymail	1	No specific role
allen_bettilyon	confsync	1	No specific role
allen_chan	sharefolder-gm	1	No specific role
allen_hutchison	bxr	1	No specific role
allen_oneill	internetdirect	0	Developer
allen_oneill	ftpvcs	1	Project Manager
allen_stoughton	exene	1	Project Manager
alleon	jcae	1	No specific role
alleon	jaco3	1	Project Manager
alleon	casperlabs	1	No specific role
allerkamp	bibcollect	1	No specific role
allerob	abstromatic	1	No specific role
allesistrelativ	parte	0	Developer
allex87	msnbasic	1	No specific role
allex87	iwi2200	0	Developer
allex87	interphacer	1	No specific role
allex87	gmp	1	No specific role
allexdav	pharaoh	1	No specific role
alley	mynos	1	Developer
alley	gbogie	1	No specific role
alley	gav	1	Project Manager
alley	loomthread	1	No specific role
alleyla	editoversight	1	Developer
alleyla	sitesampler	0	Developer
alleyla	wikipub	1	Developer
alle_meije	camba	1	Developer
alle_vergeben	threedebug	1	Developer
allgame	revanche	1	No specific role
allgo	tunetoy	1	No specific role
allgood	pybber	1	No specific role
allhailfreakman	myko	1	No specific role
allhilbert	mathdev	1	No specific role
alliciga	appp	1	No specific role
alliciga	clarvy	1	No specific role
alliel_e	raynet	1	No specific role
alliel_e	jtpl	1	No specific role
alliel_e	funsh	1	No specific role
allig8or	nightcourses	0	Graphic/Other Designer
allig8or	audiodrama	0	Tester
allikat	cdxscorebot	0	Developer
allimars	marsproject	1	No specific role
allin	gretl	1	No specific role
allina	allina	1	No specific role
allisea	robolog	0	Developer
allitico	physicalpoets	0	No specific role
alliu	placelab	0	Developer
alliu	topiary	1	No specific role
alliv	telelin	1	No specific role
alliz	mls	1	No specific role
allkind	ip-array	1	No specific role
allkos	dkms	1	Developer
alllee	gabel	1	Project Manager
alllee	grooveapp	0	Developer
alllee	codegopher	1	No specific role
allmightymonkey	apple-drivers	1	No specific role
allmightypaul	dostuff	1	Project Manager
allnice	ppf	0	Developer
allnightlong	anlboard	1	No specific role
allnodcoms	tntbasic	0	Developer
allo	yacy	0	Developer
allocation03	cthulos	0	No specific role
allocius_reikei	nsfw	1	No specific role
allonmoritz	eclipse-gsearch	1	Developer
allonmoritz	esearch	0	Developer
allotrope	npxtemplates	1	No specific role
allouchear	gabedit	1	No specific role
allout	jcpool	1	No specific role
allout	dao-generator	1	No specific role
allov	sciiid	1	No specific role
allowee	pmsys	1	Project Manager
allreadydead	saffire	0	Tester
allscave	alphablogger	1	Project Manager
allscave	asurabb	0	Web Designer
allsoapers	periodictables	0	Tester
allterrainsw	firebird	0	No specific role
alltheluck	gadventure	1	Project Manager
alltheluck	gage	1	No specific role
allthetraffic	supersurf	1	No specific role
alltimefriend	pbxcms	1	No specific role
alltimefriend	openbackup	1	All-Hands Person
allting	allting	1	No specific role
allvaleriano	tcontroller	1	No specific role
allvaleriano	easytalk	1	No specific role
allxp	gmail2stream	1	No specific role
ally153	balzac	0	Developer
allyenna	aw2sql	1	Web Designer
allyford	dragon-char	0	Developer
allylightning	jimet	1	No specific role
allyse	nextgencms	1	Developer
allyse	yatt	1	No specific role
allysonlister	obi	1	Developer
allyunion	pywikipediabot	0	No specific role
allyunion	mysql2psqld	1	No specific role
allyunion	cosplay	1	No specific role
all_knowing	passwdgen	1	No specific role
all_knowing	filevision	1	Developer
all_star25	pizzagame	0	Developer
almach	squidace	1	No specific role
almafuerte	gtk2qt	0	Developer
almailer	galactigov	0	All-Hands Person
almajor	joda-time	0	Developer
almando	gtlt	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
almando	phpdatagrid	1	Developer
almanngoo	jacil	1	Project Manager
almasi_zoltan	studyschedule	1	Developer
almaslov	myrpg	1	Project Manager
almasson	sqbt	1	No specific role
almaw	wicket	1	Developer
almaw	wicket-stuff	1	Developer
almazensky	alma-zen-sky	1	No specific role
alma_bm	php-genadmin	0	Developer
almclean	updatesophos	1	No specific role
almeida	n-orca	1	Developer
almejo	msnaway	1	No specific role
almejo	atinachile	0	No specific role
almejo	jcsim	1	No specific role
almerv	pop3hot	1	Developer
almesber	tcpcp	1	No specific role
almesber	tcng	1	No specific role
almesber	bootimg	1	No specific role
almesber	kboot	1	No specific role
almesber	linux-atm	1	No specific role
almesber	m8cutils	1	No specific role
almesber	ledtoy	1	No specific role
almesber	abiss	1	No specific role
almesber	diffserv	1	No specific role
almesber	umlsim	1	No specific role
almetraet	xml-olap	1	Developer
almeyda	synapsim	0	Developer
almightyjustin	traduki	0	Developer
almightyjustin	sarien	0	Developer
almightytdawg	alfa-bmf	0	Requirements Engineering
almillers	echempp	0	Developer
almindor	questorae	1	No specific role
almindor	lwars	1	Developer
almir1312	peerguardian	0	Support Technician
almirante	testguru	1	No specific role
almisoft	mpi-mergesort	1	Developer
almiteycow	apexdc	0	Developer
alml	rainmaker-plus	1	No specific role
almoehi	lanaction	0	No specific role
almoehi	metaportal	0	No specific role
almoehi	tcpteach	1	No specific role
almol	innovacampus	0	Support Technician
almol	apfun	1	No specific role
almol	alcugs	1	No specific role
almond0	rportal	1	No specific role
almondesign	exhibitionist	0	No specific role
almoorecp	ommms	1	No specific role
almostfree	epiafb	1	No specific role
almotasim	ooqbar	1	No specific role
almoz	ooqbar	1	Unix Admin
almoz	statewalker	1	Project Manager
almskou	wsis	0	Developer
almubarmij	arabic	1	Project Manager
almudena	edu-ir	0	Developer
alnassara	medorvpn	1	Web Designer
alnavarro	urano	1	Developer
alnd	octave	0	Developer
alnd	cloc	1	Project Manager
alnew	knowledge-mgt	0	Developer
alnicol	png	0	Developer
alniforge	i2cwear	1	No specific role
alnikolov	ortc	1	No specific role
alnikolov	stunnel-cpcsp	1	No specific role
alnikolov	pila	1	No specific role
alnikolov	sgft	1	No specific role
alnikolov	dragongoserver	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
alnilam	lexidic	1	Developer
alnix	pkgsrc-wip	0	No specific role
alnix	fuwms	1	No specific role
alnryn	lircal	1	No specific role
alnsn	boost	0	Developer
alnsn	cpp-experiment	1	Developer
alnsn	conststring	0	No specific role
aloba	qiqu	1	No specific role
alobbs	pkgbuild	0	No specific role
alobodig	openpos	1	Developer
alobodig	squirrelbackup	0	Developer
aloeffler	vrvis	1	No specific role
aloeffler	onewaymail	1	Project Manager
aloetscher	notenprogramm	1	No specific role
aloft	ctex	1	No specific role
alohamoo	alohamoo	1	Developer
alohaproject	aloha	1	No specific role
alois_cochard	orexio	1	No specific role
alois_cochard	uninet	1	Project Manager
alois_cochard	cannagrower	1	No specific role
alokdotnet	easyscraper	1	No specific role
alokem	terreneuve	1	No specific role
alokem	u-p2p	1	Project Manager
alokem	magenta	1	Developer
alokghodke	asuecetpublish	0	Developer
alokito	mcmr	1	No specific role
alokito	jtreeview	1	Project Manager
alokito	pcl-analysis	1	No specific role
alokj	plugins4ide	0	No specific role
alokj	j2eeadapters	1	Requirements Engineering
alokkataria1	snapext2	1	Developer
alokprabhakar	advanceserv	0	Developer
aloksarawat	dmailer	0	Developer
aloksarawat	daffodilcrm	1	Developer
alok_kumar	indlinux	0	Developer
alon99	ilsendsms	1	Developer
alon99	gentab	1	No specific role
alon99	autofile	1	No specific role
alona	aurang	0	Developer
alonaj	origamiwars	1	No specific role
alonbl	gnupg-pkcs11	1	Developer
alonesparrow	kikoblog	1	No specific role
alonk	libbash	1	Developer
alonk	dicheck	1	Developer
alonk	mkinitramfs	1	Developer
alonk	yalb	1	No specific role
alonk	xconfig	1	Developer
alonsoft	jldapbeans	1	No specific role
alonsoft	jlabase	1	Project Manager
alonsoft	strutswing	1	No specific role
alonsoft	formhammer	0	No specific role
alonzi	remus	0	Developer
alon_erev	open-lon	1	No specific role
alon_levy	bead	0	Developer
aloo	seigmenn	0	Tester
alooma	hamming	1	No specific role
aloose	rushcms	0	No specific role
alop	dnschecker	1	No specific role
alop	statacaster	1	No specific role
alophone2003	gcells	1	No specific role
alophone2003	vietnamesevoice	1	No specific role
alor	ettercap	1	Developer
aloree	autoprune	1	No specific role
alorense	invasion	0	Developer
aloril	worldforge	0	No specific role
aloril	londerings	1	No specific role
alorino	colladarefinery	1	Unix Admin
alorino	collada-dom	1	Project Manager
alosa	bpedit	0	Developer
alosilva	cockiptsim	1	Project Manager
alostale	sahi	0	Developer
alostale	openbravo	1	Developer
alou2	retic	1	No specific role
alou2	xpweb	0	Developer
alouca	momentum	1	All-Hands Person
alouca	the-cinnamon	0	Developer
alovasconcelos	pgwizard	1	No specific role
alovasconcelos	hks	1	No specific role
alovassy	sblim	0	Developer
alovell	rash	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
alowther	albumer	1	No specific role
alowther	toothmote	1	No specific role
alox5	persbook	1	No specific role
aloya2	miranda-icq	0	Developer
aloya2	miranda	0	Developer
alp	landell	0	Developer
alp	clanbomber	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
alp74	turkphpbb	1	No specific role
alpa	siteviz	1	No specific role
alparsla	samproj	1	No specific role
alparsla	qla	1	No specific role
alpatech	gnujiko	1	No specific role
alpaxo	aikencms	1	No specific role
alpc360	inoxserver	1	No specific role
alpeb	myerm	1	No specific role
alpeb	gantty	1	No specific role
alpeb	egroupware	0	Developer
alperen	integrate4	1	No specific role
alperen1	emulinux	0	No specific role
alperok	freebxmlbp	1	Developer
alperok	owlmt	0	Developer
alperok	rideproject	1	Developer
alperoze	pl-ray	1	No specific role
alperp	ontogrid	1	No specific role
alperp	taverna	0	No specific role
alperp	mygrid-uk	0	No specific role
alperthereal	filelist	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
alpeshmote	yfs	0	No specific role
alpeshmote	iconvene4u	1	Project Manager
alpeter	b-forms	1	No specific role
alpha3k	gnomegnation	0	Web Designer
alpha42	code-x	0	Developer
alpha453	diveintocfml	1	No specific role
alpha453	sperls	1	No specific role
alpha60	aortas	0	No specific role
alpha600	contenty	1	No specific role
alpha600	puhssy	1	No specific role
alpha600	davilsphpbb	1	Developer
alpha7	absolver	1	No specific role
alpha88	calvingames-se	0	Developer
alphaalien	explorer-plus	1	No specific role
alphaalien	vncadmin	1	No specific role
alphabravo	sfzanttools	1	No specific role
alphaclon	kbico	1	Project Manager
alphacoder	drjava	0	Developer
alphadk	phpguildmgmt	1	No specific role
alphafox	red0	0	Tester
alphagremlin	neojournal	1	No specific role
alphakiller	comos	1	Project Manager
alphakiller	challangeos	0	Developer
alphakiller	hydrogen-os	1	No specific role
alphakiller	freeflash	0	Developer
alphalabs	alphalabs	1	No specific role
alphalogic	php-blog	0	No specific role
alphalogic	e-xoopsmodules	1	Project Manager
alphalogic	ehacks	1	No specific role
alphalogic	vindelici	1	Developer
alphalogic	ciamos	1	Developer
alphamarkus	goodlinks	1	No specific role
alphamikevictor	pingometer	1	No specific role
alphamonkey	wang	1	Project Manager
alphan3	ccsat	1	No specific role
alphanerds	bartr	1	No specific role
alphanet	amanda	0	No specific role
alphanumero	universesaga	1	No specific role
alphaprojects	timeandmoney	0	No specific role
alpharesearch	hamexamhelper	1	No specific role
alpharesearch	home-ims	1	Developer
alpharom	visupost	1	No specific role
alphasec	multizite-mmd	1	No specific role
alphastorm	forums	0	Developer
alphaterra	vira	1	Developer
alphatia	ptclanserver	1	No specific role
alphatommy	phpwebtk	0	Tester
alphaversion	smirc	0	No specific role
alphawhiskey	phoenixosfs	0	Developer
alphawolf_hk	dvd-create	0	Doc Writer
alpher	biac	1	No specific role
alphio	j2eeintranet	1	No specific role
alphix	ample	1	No specific role
alphonce	green	1	Project Manager
alphpt	mystuff	1	No specific role
alphpt	pysueca	1	No specific role
alphpt	safe-php	1	Project Manager
alphpt	quicktext	1	No specific role
alphpt	dvonn	1	No specific role
alpineglow	hotspot-connect	1	No specific role
alpineguy	openrpg-gde	0	All-Hands Person
alpinekid	dbf2mysql	0	Developer
alpisoft	vfptoolbox	0	No specific role
alpo25	d-invent	1	Developer
alpopov	ntal	0	No specific role
alpriest	nspectre	0	Developer
alpt	netsukuku	1	Developer
alpy_seattle	turkce	0	No specific role
alpy_seattle	arabic-spell	1	Developer
alqualos	libqxt	0	No specific role
alqualos	quazip	1	No specific role
alquarra	scum	1	No specific role
alram	qii	0	No specific role
alrawab	kbear	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
alreadyused	jphototweek	0	Developer
alrek	virgo	0	Developer
alriddoch	threestore	1	Developer
alriddoch	elks	1	No specific role
alriddoch	worldforge	1	Developer
alriddoch	libuta	0	Developer
alrik11es	ugame	1	Project Manager
alro-shka	spidertalks	0	Developer
alrog	archesstra	0	Developer
alrog	adfc	1	Project Manager
alrosot	dotarena	1	No specific role
alruhle	md5decode	1	No specific role
alruhle	princed	0	Unix Admin
alruiz15	neo-cache	1	No specific role
alruiz15	aop-attr-cache	1	No specific role
alruiz15	wanghy	1	Developer
als345	txt-content	1	No specific role
alsace	auebgs	1	Project Manager
alsalman	hijriconversion	1	No specific role
alsant0z	cooperweb	1	Project Manager
alsantsu	aprofla	1	No specific role
alsayed_taha	alrebat	1	No specific role
alsayed_taha	logger	1	No specific role
alsayed_taha	modclips	1	No specific role
alsberg	zherlock	1	Project Manager
alsedo	alsedo-sd	1	No specific role
alsemany	virdy	1	No specific role
alsemm	ferry	1	Developer
alsemm	ocellaris	1	Project Manager
alsh	murman	1	No specific role
alshaitan	synapsis	1	Project Manager
alshaitan	tuxpanel	0	Graphic/Other Designer
alshaitan	prattcms	0	Graphic/Other Designer
alshalan	linuxalarm	1	Unix Admin
alsierra	libavc1394	0	Developer
alsierra	dvtitler	1	No specific role
alsilvestri	qmail-fel	0	No specific role
alsim	iatax	1	No specific role
alsim	abk	1	No specific role
alsinopoli	surveyplugin	1	No specific role
alsnider	fit-media	1	No specific role
also-ran	jrio	1	No specific role
alsofronie	sheets	0	Graphic/Other Designer
alsor	sms-engine	0	Developer
alsor	hh-monitor	0	Developer
alsosa	mysql-ha	0	Developer
alsotop	t-ogame-multi	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
alspocky	co800	0	Developer
alst	twf	1	Developer
alsterg_	unwiredap	0	Developer
alstone	lsdb	0	Developer
alsuffndruff	udrecsuite	1	No specific role
alsundma	tsg-lms	1	No specific role
alsus_admin	alsus-engine	1	No specific role
alsutton	asxmlp	1	No specific role
alsutton	jnlpoffice	1	No specific role
alsutton	kvmjab	1	No specific role
alsyd	virtualphotoorg	0	Distributor/Promoter
alsyd	dbconverter	0	No specific role
alt2509m	microcounter	1	No specific role
alt2war	dean	0	No specific role
altacus	textuntwist	1	No specific role
altafim	apdata	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
altafsayani	telenorsms	1	No specific role
altaic	macts	1	No specific role
altaic	mpro	1	No specific role
altair1	lkcd	0	Developer
altair87	teach	1	No specific role
altair_flop	gptpe	1	No specific role
altanfiridin	f-fileman	1	No specific role
altansukh	joomla-mongolia	1	Developer
altaykirecci	aurabpm	1	No specific role
altbill	katvef	1	Developer
altbill	fbdri	1	Developer
altbs4	railsarticle	1	No specific role
altctrldel	jsmartdepend	1	No specific role
alte0001	fams2004	1	No specific role
alte0001	esial-8514877	1	Developer
alted	libnetmd	0	Developer
alteest	libpini	1	No specific role
alteest	libtrans	1	No specific role
alteest	kite	1	No specific role
alteest	orf	1	All-Hands Person
altefcat	elderlore	1	No specific role
altefquatre	tribana	0	No specific role
altememy	linuxrtwrapper	0	Developer
alter-ego	alter-ego	1	No specific role
alter3d	sporksbot	1	Project Manager
alteralter	spacesim	0	Developer
alteralter	belters	1	Developer
alterauge	edm-fps	0	No specific role
alterdepp	batman	1	No specific role
altereg0	jsjabber	0	Developer
alteridem	icalparser	1	Developer
alteridem	mysql-bind	1	No specific role
alteridem	cplusplus	0	Developer
alteridem	pixelpost	1	Developer
alterlife	iris-cpp	1	No specific role
alternate	ammath	0	Developer
alternator45	rolodap	0	Developer
alternut	statistica	1	Developer
alterro	ardiag	1	No specific role
altertable	smallestore	1	No specific role
altery	itlu2	1	Project Manager
altetranse	savus	0	Developer
altetranse	openuss	0	Developer
altetranse	openfjord	0	Developer
altex	ipstat	1	No specific role
altex	webtraceroute	1	No specific role
altexis	altexim	1	No specific role
altexis	altexnn	1	No specific role
altgo	cycle	1	No specific role
alth	kaosbot	0	Developer
althaz	epictools	1	No specific role
althechipmunk	gamescrafters	0	Developer
altheengineer	dapact	1	All-Hands Person
althepcman	gtweakui	0	Doc Writer
altheviz	jbottler	0	Developer
altigran	vmailadmin	0	No specific role
altimario	athlos	1	No specific role
altinos	vampirechargen	1	No specific role
altiquek	vitalstate	0	Graphic/Other Designer
altjira	altjira	1	No specific role
altman	flexwiki	0	Developer
altman	gmailerxp	0	Developer
altman	phpops	1	No specific role
altmansoftware	passwordsafe	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
altonga	nmap-sl	1	No specific role
altonroland	publicvoicexml	1	No specific role
altonroland	sotf	1	Project Manager
altoor	ssl-decrypt	1	No specific role
altoor	channel-sock	1	No specific role
altoor	local-package	1	No specific role
altor	epicurator	1	All-Hands Person
altorgui	opnode	0	Web Designer
altos-z	javacard-proxy	1	No specific role
altournoud	jsynoptic	0	Developer
altow	andax	1	Developer
altow	iddin	1	No specific role
alto_sir	kanamiproject	1	No specific role
altquark	greyhawk	1	Project Manager
altrag2	czypizza	1	Developer
altras	tarn	0	Tester
altrax	nihongox	1	No specific role
altrazar	eglador	1	No specific role
altren	goodrpg	1	No specific role
altren	slavs	0	Developer
altren	reflection-game	1	No specific role
altrent	telia	1	No specific role
altruic	music-sequencer	1	Developer
altugbayram	gnu-tr	0	Developer
altugi	ufoai	0	Doc Writer
altugksk	mobile-teacher	0	Developer
altumano	pldoc	1	Project Manager
altuner	wirelessserver	1	Project Manager
alturner	aaf	0	Developer
altwister	altwiki	1	Project Manager
altwister	minitwiki	1	No specific role
alt_mux	windpc	1	Developer
alt_mux	regexfuzzeng	1	No specific role
alt_mux	cryptapi	1	No specific role
alu-	msnm3d	1	No specific role
alucard	nanhillplatform	0	Developer
alucard1837	torquemech	0	No specific role
aluchies	projectwatcher	0	Developer
aluchko	tinaposplus	0	Developer
aluddy	yellowsoftware	1	No specific role
aluepke	simteec	1	No specific role
alukasavage	vsentinel	1	No specific role
aluleich	dws	0	Developer
aluleich	xblast	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
alundrigan	freett	0	Developer
alun_fha	aplaws	0	Developer
aluque	kiocvs	1	No specific role
aluque	easter	1	No specific role
alurg	jait	1	No specific role
alus	gnurobbo	1	Project Manager
alus	pikbridge	1	No specific role
alus	teg	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
alutaibi	thepms	0	No specific role
aluu	phpgedview	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
aluxifer	amsproject	1	Developer
aluzzardi	pnyx	1	Project Manager
aluzzardi	pamusb	1	Project Manager
alv2	collective	0	Developer
alvarado	ltilib	1	Project Manager
alvareza	uwea	0	No specific role
alvarezamo	ahorcado	1	No specific role
alvarezp	superkb	1	All-Hands Person
alvarezp	msnclient	1	No specific role
alvarian	sound-station	0	Developer
alvarl	connecta	1	No specific role
alvaro456	buglet	1	No specific role
alvaroaragong	metab-oqe	1	No specific role
alvaroes84	biogenesis	0	Developer
alvarogp	frog-retro-game	1	Developer
alvarojusten	phplanet	0	Developer
alvarojusten	stopy	1	Project Manager
alvaromarin	unipic	1	No specific role
alvaromarin	dfsu	1	Unix Admin
alvaromarin	netinvent	1	Project Manager
alvaromartinez	lienzo	1	No specific role
alvarope	mmnetcyclops	0	DBA (Database Administrator)
alvarov66	empusa	1	Project Manager
alvarov66	asterion	0	No specific role
alvarovictor	gipm	1	No specific role
alvarovictor	pimbutler	1	No specific role
alvaro_nieto	tux-oracle	1	No specific role
alvaro_ortiz	caddlight	1	No specific role
alvaro_reig	gestion-fdi	1	No specific role
alvaro_seixas	sagacruzmalta	0	Developer
alvaro_triana	sceneengine	0	Developer
alvaro_valente	translatum	1	No specific role
alve	expandora	1	No specific role
alve	mmapper	1	Developer
alverifo	andecerto	1	Project Manager
alverino	guifications	0	Developer
alves	harbour-project	0	Developer
alvieboy	monitorit	1	No specific role
alvieboy	libpatal	1	No specific role
alvieboy	debmirror	1	No specific role
alvifu	netmgc	1	No specific role
alvifu	network23	1	No specific role
alvil	glogs	1	No specific role
alvin727	sunwukong	1	Developer
alvin921	pcth	1	No specific role
alvinchipmunk	ideatester	1	No specific role
alvinctk	gamacomp	1	No specific role
alvinkoh	rsrc2rcp	1	Developer
alvinlaili	vrent	1	No specific role
alvinlj	unicore	0	Developer
alvinsipraga	zomg	1	No specific role
alvinz	cfofficesuite	0	Developer
alvin_huang	stonewheel	1	No specific role
alvitar	xavax	1	No specific role
alviz80	greensocs	0	No specific role
alvls	openpnl	1	Developer
alvmagr	netbattleship	1	Project Manager
alvn047	dvdflix	1	No specific role
alwasouf	jetclass	0	No specific role
alwasouf	corbasbs	0	Developer
always99	oracus2003	0	Developer
alwaysanegative	codewesnoth	0	Tester
alwaysanegative	wikiblocker	1	No specific role
alwaysanegative	cs-cmdtools	0	Tester
alwaysanegative	powercpp	0	Tester
alwaysaroundu	lpos	0	Developer
alwayscy	autoupdate	1	No specific role
alwayscy	freesubtitle	1	No specific role
alwaysdark	nhbrowser	1	No specific role
alwaysstone	wtiq	0	Developer
alwekyerp	klassmodeler	1	No specific role
alwick	cc-config	1	Developer
alwick	arch4j	1	Developer
alwold	gotunes	1	No specific role
alwyns	jpos	0	Developer
alx-sforge	jmlspecs	0	Developer
alx-sforge	autojml	0	Developer
alx-sforge	ocamlplugin	1	Unix Admin
alx-sforge	multijava	0	Developer
alx-sforge	canapa	1	No specific role
alx2005	bvxchat	0	Developer
alx242	judoo	0	Developer
alx242	libhdj	1	Project Manager
alx242	aortas	0	Developer
alx242	slayer3	1	Developer
alx242	somos	1	No specific role
alx5000	aims	1	No specific role
alx78	ming-sharp	1	All-Hands Person
alx85	mintura	1	No specific role
alxbarker	gjal	1	No specific role
alxcln	mandragora	1	No specific role
alxcodemaster	libairc	1	No specific role
alxcodemaster	katama	1	No specific role
alxderdachs	stadb	0	Web Designer
alxeg	tvguide-ppc	1	Developer
alxeg	tvguide-s60	1	No specific role
alxf1	myphpchat	0	Developer
alxjvr-sf	erpts-v2	1	No specific role
alxlkp	kernel-perf	0	No specific role
alxndr	kafe	0	Developer
alxobr	xlocate	1	No specific role
alxplus	gtlt	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
alxponom	gisar	1	No specific role
alxt	lxlib	1	No specific role
alxt	tpx	0	No specific role
alxtoth	cubulus	1	No specific role
alxzoomer	process-watcher	1	No specific role
alx_chiratcu	iscs	0	Developer
alx_std	vitalstate	0	Developer
alx_std	ssoos	0	Tester
alx_std	peartree	1	No specific role
alynna	protomuck	1	Developer
alynna	fbmuck	0	Developer
alynna_kasmira	ai-trip	1	No specific role
alyons	cricket	0	Developer
alyons	rdtimefinder	1	No specific role
alyseo	openldap2fds	1	No specific role
alysia	gpsmobile	0	Developer
alyson_little	flr	0	Developer
alyssaw-oss	ibm-slrp	0	Developer
alyssaw-oss	lsid	1	Developer
alysson_neves	grouppac	0	Analysis / Design
alyxopensource	martix	1	No specific role
alz-stm	stml	0	Developer
alzaitsev	im-dev	0	Developer
alzhaid	netcomm4j	0	Developer
alzhaimer	ndmc	1	No specific role
alzuin	openpec	0	Support Technician
alzure	bluesea	1	Developer
alzure	blueseaworld3d	1	Project Manager
alzx	zscript	1	No specific role
alzx	zparser	1	No specific role
alzx	zcpp	1	No specific role
alzx	zhttpdata	1	No specific role
al_ben	elixre	0	Developer
al_chaldon	catgen4	0	Developer
al_chaldon	catgen	0	No specific role
al_ezik	connect	1	Developer
al_koval	fegdk	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
al_periodical	redstone	1	No specific role
al_pot	kstochastic	1	No specific role
al_shopov	lug-bg	0	Developer
al_shopov	legalcase	0	Developer
al_shopov	gnome-bg	1	Project Manager
al_the_man	p2pmud	0	Developer
al_todd	cabalmud	1	Project Manager
al_uz	q2pro	0	Developer
al__capone	consoleproject	0	Graphic/Other Designer
am22	itpmr	0	No specific role
am66	wisigo	1	Project Manager
ama	leaf	0	No specific role
amaak	powl	0	Developer
amac1040	perlbox	1	Developer
amac1040	diazy	1	Developer
amacgenius	php4pta	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
amachu_techie	kde-tamizh	1	No specific role
amackay	bb-news	0	No specific role
amackay	ez-ipupdate	0	Developer
amackey	dbix-tree	1	No specific role
amackey	dbix-graph	1	Developer
amackey	glean-gene	1	Project Manager
amackey	cdatlib	1	Developer
amackey	webdb-app	1	Developer
amadamned	thegyre	0	Project Manager
amaddeus	myphpbikelog	1	No specific role
amadeobellotti	tetrispp	1	No specific role
amadeobellotti	damk	1	No specific role
amadeobellotti	quaz-rpg	0	Graphic/Other Designer
amadeobellotti	pydoku	1	No specific role
amadeus0	kode	1	No specific role
amadeus08	dbdiff	1	Project Manager
amadeusmq	macroquest	0	Developer
amadeus_ds	dslinux	0	Developer
amadeus_z	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
amadisoft	winblocker1free	1	No specific role
amadkow	madkowtrack	1	No specific role
amado80	egovsh	0	No specific role
amadvance	advancemame	1	No specific role
amadvance	scale2x	1	No specific role
amaechler	pysms	1	No specific role
amaedche	yasws	1	No specific role
amaehrle	ciao	0	Developer
amaetcredeetora	karmail	1	No specific role
amagai	nilfs	1	Project Manager
amagno	firebird	0	No specific role
amahdavi	hrothgar	1	No specific role
amahdavi	jacocluster	1	No specific role
amahier	jacs	0	Developer
amahini	titaniumserver	1	Web Designer
amai	nedit	0	Developer
amai	meditres	1	Developer
amai	posix2	1	No specific role
amai	lesstif	0	No specific role
amai	gnuplot	0	No specific role
amai	xlt	1	No specific role
amai	xbae	0	Developer
amaiac	pyspanishdoc	0	Developer
amailer	amailer	1	No specific role
amaiman	mcm	1	No specific role
amaitland	pcgen	0	Doc Writer
amaitland	pcgendocs	0	Developer
amal029	systemj	1	Developer
amalaer	btnoderfid	0	Developer
amaldonado	yarp0	0	Developer
amaliat	ltag	0	Developer
amalim	pakbusinessapp	1	Support Manager
amalinski	lajt-mvc	1	No specific role
amalinski	idoc	1	No specific role
amallavarapu	littleb	1	No specific role
amallon2	europhenome	1	Project Manager
amaloz	cppdrummer	1	Developer
amaltsev	vpipe	1	No specific role
amaltsev	dbappgen	1	No specific role
amaltsev	gdnn	1	No specific role
amaltsev	opensymphero	1	No specific role
amaltsev	ruboard	1	No specific role
amaltsev	xao	1	Analysis / Design
amalydia	phpchat	0	Developer
amameh	wpfusersetting	1	No specific role
amamp	amamp	1	No specific role
aman187	mobile-teacher	0	Developer
amanaggarwal	nwld	1	No specific role
amanatri	mitaub	0	No specific role
amanchon	ntnef	1	No specific role
amandaemily	edtech	1	Project Manager
amandage	flow-based-pgmg	0	Developer
amandalorelei	cwruser	0	Tester
amandarn	acidsecrets	1	No specific role
amandas	dhx	0	Developer
amandato	wxcode	0	Developer
amandato	pdfblender	1	No specific role
amandato	phpodbcadmin	1	No specific role
amandato	gubed	0	Developer
amandavcd	amandavcd	1	No specific role
amandeep_sandhu	cq-ant-tasks	0	Developer
amandenaki	millscript	0	No specific role
amandic	game-standards	0	No specific role
amandy	litman	1	No specific role
amangarg	shelldotnet	1	Project Manager
amangla	rtpdemo	0	Developer
amangulati	epcconnect	0	Developer
amani	nfm	1	All-Hands Person
amanpatel	activeboard	1	No specific role
amanpreet	punlinux	0	Unix Admin
amantia	quanta	1	Developer
amantia	kallery	1	All-Hands Person
amantia	kfilereplace	0	Developer
amantoan	csjb	1	No specific role
amantooth	cmx	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
aman_aggarwal	compets	0	Developer
aman_aggarwal	tinyxpath	0	No specific role
aman_coe	demanalyser	1	No specific role
aman_sabharwal	cogkit	0	Developer
amao671	artlvm	1	No specific role
amao671	sensorshootsim	1	No specific role
amao671	sensorshooting	1	No specific role
amarack	lomagcvs	1	No specific role
amaral	open64	0	Project Manager
amarambe	hpop	0	Developer
amaranth	sharptunes	1	No specific role
amaranth	binaryphp	0	Developer
amarbs	visgrind	1	Developer
amarcelo	hi-eav	1	No specific role
amarcelo	cosmos	0	No specific role
amarcelo	game-engine	1	Project Manager
amarches	xippo	1	Project Manager
amarcu1978	quenas	1	No specific role
amarcu1978	hcsim	1	No specific role
amardeshbd	unicms	1	No specific role
amardini	contrack	1	No specific role
amarduk	opensysadmin	1	No specific role
amarelo_mrt	gpsreadingtools	1	No specific role
amaren_p	joker-vm	0	Developer
amargo	incubo	1	No specific role
amarieo	contactwrangler	1	No specific role
amarikar	netqos	0	No specific role
amarillion	deadlockgame	1	No specific role
amarillion	doomed	1	Project Manager
amarillion	tegel	1	No specific role
amarillion	masking	0	No specific role
amarin	tagents	1	No specific role
amarkel	wbemservices	0	Developer
amarkelo	community-aid	1	No specific role
amarki	timeee	0	No specific role
amarkiel	csbi	0	Developer
amarkkola	tempus-sipcal	0	Developer
amarkowitz	freeclx	0	Developer
amarmb	amoeba-debugger	1	No specific role
amarn	ytk	0	Developer
amarnathanr	ommms	0	Developer
amarnathbose	ga-tsp	1	No specific role
amarnathbose	cluster	1	No specific role
amarow	gna-jorm	1	No specific role
amarracoferoz	amarracoferoz	1	No specific role
amarsden	corewar	1	Project Manager
amarshal	utbot	1	Developer
amarshal	gamebots	1	All-Hands Person
amart565	radeontweaker	1	Project Manager
amarten	emudis	1	Project Manager
amarthya	sangam	0	Developer
amartins	nagios-br	1	No specific role
amartinwest	andromdaplugins	0	No specific role
amartinwest	andromda	0	Developer
amartlew	edo	0	No specific role
amartyabose	art-life	1	No specific role
amartyabose	cluster	0	Developer
amarviswanathan	linguafranca	1	No specific role
amarzano	honeyperl	1	Developer
amar_tripathi	class-library	1	No specific role
amasella	bashmail	1	No specific role
amasoean	vdr-videodb	1	No specific role
amassari	xqilla	1	Developer
amastaneh	llblgen	1	No specific role
amaterasun	deimoscp	1	No specific role
amathes	mod-pubsub	0	Developer
amatheus	jstoolslib	1	No specific role
amathis101	libirc	0	Web Designer
amathis101	libsgl	1	No specific role
amathis101	ptcorps	0	No specific role
amathis101	php2press	1	Developer
amathis101	sojourner	0	Developer
amathis101	opencombat	0	Developer
amathis101	ogf	1	No specific role
amathur	indianlanguages	1	No specific role
amatig	cozza-wf	0	Developer
amatig	phpmetrics	1	No specific role
amatsubu	slashp	1	Developer
amatsubu	aspnuke	1	All-Hands Person
amatt	rlsimulator	0	No specific role
amattioli70	jodsnapshot	1	No specific role
amattiuz	tairona	1	Developer
amatubu	popfile	0	Developer
amaturecode	knightstour	1	No specific role
amatus	lag	1	Developer
amatus	treexpr	1	No specific role
amaumont	talend-studio	0	Developer
amauryf	crosstest	0	Developer
amauter	unirovi	1	No specific role
amax	ibmasm	1	Project Manager
amaximo	phppersonals1	0	No specific role
amaximo	phpdefob	1	Developer
amaxwell	macsword	0	No specific role
amaxwell	mactextoolbox	0	Developer
amaxwell	bibdesk	1	Developer
amaxwell	tcobrowser	1	No specific role
amaxwell	skim-app	1	Developer
amaxwell	itexmac	1	Developer
amayax	gervasproject	0	Developer
amayers	watij	1	Developer
amazilia	phpassos	1	No specific role
amazinderek	phpurlsquish	1	No specific role
amazingdizzo	se2001	1	Developer
amazona	bioscrypt-sdk	1	Project Manager
amazza	kikix	1	Project Manager
amb26	ponderutil	1	No specific role
amb26	coursework	0	Developer
amb43790	msgs	0	Developer
ambarish	copcomp	0	Developer
ambasoft	suf	1	Project Manager
ambasoft	tamiljava	1	No specific role
ambassador_kosh	wpdev	0	Content Management
ambassador_kosh	bf2142privstat	1	No specific role
ambclams	mytradewizard	0	No specific role
ambeaubien	metpx	1	Support Manager
ambekar	triple	0	Developer
ambelovsky	wotlas	1	No specific role
ambelovsky	ibtlib	1	All-Hands Person
amber	tmt	1	No specific role
amber	ojnk	0	Developer
amberdog	nemdadb	0	No specific role
amberovsky	creen	0	Developer
ambersand	ambersand	1	No specific role
ambersiege	infowebservice	1	No specific role
ambertation	simpe	1	No specific role
ambertation	net-docks	1	Project Manager
amber_myworld	nram	1	Developer
ambesange	dxsh	0	Developer
ambetanterik	eightballstrike	1	Developer
ambetanterik	kennismanager	1	Developer
ambience	phpquickplate	1	Project Manager
ambient_sky	merovingian	1	Developer
ambitionen	phpwslanguages	1	Developer
ambiul	emptycast	1	No specific role
ambjorn	ligolio	1	No specific role
ambran01	jyack	0	Developer
ambrass	kermod	0	Developer
ambrmi09	aurorab	1	No specific role
ambrmi09	tinker	1	No specific role
ambro2	jabref	0	No specific role
ambruswagner	jclp	1	No specific role
ambruswagner	jcommentator	1	Developer
ambs	glissando	1	Developer
ambs	natools	1	No specific role
ambs	pymathml	0	Web Designer
ambs	numexp	1	No specific role
ambs	opensvgviewer	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
ambuj	indlinux	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
ambx1	driverutils	1	Project Manager
ambysshrink	pabato	1	No specific role
amc1	dopal	1	Project Manager
amc1	vilbel	1	No specific role
amc1	ccec	1	No specific role
amc1	azureus	0	Developer
amc1	gausssoft	1	No specific role
amca	treemenuapplet	1	All-Hands Person
amca	hini	1	No specific role
amcbride	verbots	0	All-Hands Person
amcbride	flarelang	0	No specific role
amcbride	csphpserial	0	No specific role
amcbride	csautoupdater	0	No specific role
amcbride	itms	0	No specific role
amcbride	apejet-blog	1	No specific role
amcc	rtsai	1	Developer
amccaf1	iheos	1	Project Manager
amcdade	russel	1	No specific role
amcfarland	oxci	0	Developer
amcfarland	openefm	0	Developer
amcglash	passwdsecure	1	Developer
amchi	ionicfusion	0	Developer
amckay	quay	0	All-Hands Person
amckenzie	dwrapper	1	No specific role
amckinlay	suneido	1	Project Manager
amcnabb	bzflag	0	Developer
amcwilliam	ncs	1	No specific role
amc_grim	in-dtsc	1	No specific role
amc_grim	guifications	1	Developer
amc_grim	gaim	0	Developer
amc_grim	enchanted	1	No specific role
amc_grim	autoprofile	1	All-Hands Person
amd	asmcrew	0	No specific role
amd	irce	1	No specific role
amd-hammer	thegreensmurf	1	Project Manager
amd2600	vipsone	0	Developer
amd77	castleportal	0	Developer
amd911	bitanarch	0	Web Designer
amdahlj	hw2bsg	0	Developer
amdan	formsgenerator	0	Developer
amdefran	robotournament	1	Developer
amdescombes	tgdeveloper	1	No specific role
amdfanatyk	falf	1	No specific role
amdmi3	gaia-clean	1	Project Manager
amdmi3	zenitka	1	No specific role
amdnhl88	wintrek	0	Developer
amdpox	glosswars	1	No specific role
amdrulz	spacefightergc	0	No specific role
amduser	pygamebook	0	Developer
ame	montys	1	No specific role
amead	ssm	1	No specific role
ameb	stratadata	1	No specific role
amebox	amebox	1	No specific role
amechler	rcpmudclient	1	No specific role
amecky	raptor	1	Developer
amecky	slimdog	1	No specific role
amecky	picopublisher	1	No specific role
amecky	perpojo	1	No specific role
amecky	jnewsfeed	1	No specific role
amecky	jcronat	1	No specific role
amecky	jconfig	1	No specific role
amecky	jlo	1	No specific role
amecky	jings	1	No specific role
amecky	jzonic	1	No specific role
amecky	jzonic-portlets	1	No specific role
amecky	jzforum	1	No specific role
amecky	yawiki	1	Project Manager
amedeiros	enlightencms	1	Project Manager
amedeiros	enlightenment	0	Content Management
amedeiros	evidence	0	Developer
amedico	dailystrips	1	Project Manager
ameeck	phpbb3-czech	1	No specific role
ameer	cvsxp	1	No specific role
ameer	lmud	1	No specific role
ameermuhammad	atomweb	1	No specific role
ameetc	ngoid	0	Developer
ameetkulkarni	channelmanager	0	Developer
ameetkulkarni	javasm	0	Developer
ameetkulkarni	javasip	0	Developer
ameggiolaro	srad	1	No specific role
amehrabyan	vcb	1	Project Manager
amehta	cfsites	1	No specific role
amehta1066	db-reporter	1	No specific role
amehta1066	xml-ezparse	1	No specific role
ameich	roocards	1	Developer
ameir	nimr	1	No specific role
ameir	ofs	1	Project Manager
amelandri	as400order	1	Project Manager
amelard	sqlpd	1	No specific role
ameledin	zyqigong-ml	1	All-Hands Person
ameliak	tephillah	0	No specific role
amelie_staumont	agorae	0	Developer
amelin	phpope	0	Developer
amelingrad	sketchpadrecons	0	No specific role
ameltzer	mp3magick	1	No specific role
amenaphes	blubber	1	Developer
amenasse	seqspy	0	Developer
amendeus	omg	1	No specific role
amendez20	diasgrid	0	Developer
amenegat	mdaog	1	All-Hands Person
amengual	carte	1	No specific role
amengual	jclf	1	No specific role
ameno76	movix	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
amenon	t-o-p	1	Developer
amep	theta	1	No specific role
amep	libquicktime	1	No specific role
amerei	chix	1	Developer
americ	commontest	1	No specific role
amerke	sserver	0	Developer
amersohail794	smartcache	1	No specific role
amersohail794	o2x	1	No specific role
amertum	lazygui	1	No specific role
amertum	refile	1	Project Manager
ameruelo	clustersearch	1	No specific role
amesdaq	flashforum	1	No specific role
amessbee	armsim	0	No specific role
amessner	opendte	1	Project Manager
amessora	etherj	0	Developer
amette	tikiwiki	0	Developer
ametwally	egovsh	0	No specific role
amevoandco	free-evolution	0	No specific role
amfernan	eqhook	0	No specific role
amfernandez	vnc-rtp	1	No specific role
amfranz	prometheus-prj	1	No specific role
amgadmadkour	newera	1	No specific role
amgad_s_youssef	eclipse-jcde	1	No specific role
amgauthier	cryptopad	0	Developer
amgauthier	warfare	1	No specific role
amgeex	mooedit	0	Developer
amgelinux	nofaltex	1	No specific role
amghura	phpresolver	1	No specific role
amgk	ssic-linux	0	Developer
amgk	ci-linux	0	Developer
amgonzalez	jdirdiff	1	Developer
amg_admin	amg	1	No specific role
amhagan	opentreelib	0	Developer
amharrison	jactr	1	Project Manager
amharrison	commonreality	1	Project Manager
amharrison	docbuddy	1	No specific role
amhurrell	gtkgraph	1	No specific role
amiacs	mmanets	1	No specific role
amiandrew	flexcat	1	Developer
amiano	onaima	1	No specific role
amiara	paloma-suite	1	Developer
amiara	lornet-telos	1	Developer
amiara	lompad	1	Developer
amias	nms-cgi	0	Developer
amiatrome	twas	1	No specific role
amibar	smartthreadpool	1	Developer
amic	compound18	1	No specific role
amic	cfgsh	0	Developer
amicas	autotest	1	No specific role
amichal	leeber	0	Developer
amichang	hathena	1	Developer
amichelson	radarweb	1	No specific role
amiconn	rockbox	0	Developer
amid	titano	1	No specific role
amidala	ne-odc	0	Web Designer
amiejan	calliope	0	No specific role
amiel	rlm	0	Developer
amifanatic	amishare	1	No specific role
amiga6	amizilla	0	Developer
amigalemming	haskelldsp	1	Developer
amigalemming	parallelweb	1	No specific role
amigalemming	nicefig	1	No specific role
amigalemming	strawquery	1	No specific role
amigalemming	swig	0	No specific role
amigalemming	cwt	1	No specific role
amigalemming	curu	1	No specific role
amigamerlin	glide	0	No specific role
amigapl	mc68000	1	No specific role
amigatec	firewalladdons	1	Project Manager
amiga_dude	ripmap	1	No specific role
amiga_os	doobs	1	No specific role
amigo12	pypref	1	No specific role
amigrant	gazetteerweb	0	Developer
amigus	rstatd	1	All-Hands Person
amigus	libidmef	1	Project Manager
amigus	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
amihaine	scms-il	1	No specific role
amihaine	mathematics	0	Developer
amijdema	vienti	1	Developer
amijdema	boakeity	1	Project Manager
amikael	rush	1	No specific role
amikeliunas	lsf	0	Distributor/Promoter
amikheev	runawfe	1	Project Manager
amilan	smartdb	1	No specific role
amilano	robovisor	1	Developer
amilanovic	gml4j	1	Project Manager
amillar	koha	0	Developer
amillard	gotjobs	0	Requirements Engineering
amillard	tics	0	No specific role
amiller	jext	1	Developer
amiller	jext-plugins	1	Developer
amiller1	dredgenet	0	Developer
amilne	rconip	1	Project Manager
amilton	kelix	1	No specific role
amilton	cgxhope	1	No specific role
amimojo	amzilla	1	No specific role
aminayev	h8-uclinux	1	Developer
aminchoroomi	browse	0	Developer
aminds	devadvantage	1	No specific role
aminds	devmetrics	1	No specific role
aminehayat	siragi	0	Developer
aminekopileft	jo2	1	No specific role
aminery	swlpf	1	Project Manager
amine_soul	ingeniweb	0	No specific role
amine_soul	zmiley	1	No specific role
amingin	mfw	1	No specific role
aminhelpy	pfgen	0	Doc Writer
aminmoro	kprayertime	1	Developer
aminnich	chama	0	Developer
aminorex	umsd	1	No specific role
aminorex	tproxy	1	No specific role
aminorex	gh-tool	1	No specific role
aminorex	rphd	1	No specific role
aminorex	ppp-in-telnet	1	No specific role
aminorex	opencola	1	Developer
amin_zamiri	rcss3dtrainer	1	Project Manager
amir	quickminer	1	No specific role
amir	guisearch	1	No specific role
amir	stabilizer	1	No specific role
amir	codeweb	1	No specific role
amir	opsis	1	No specific role
amir	linksearch	1	No specific role
amir	cvssearch	0	No specific role
amir-parsa	otrs-persian	1	No specific role
amir-parsa	persianwebsite	1	No specific role
amir142	qwikmail	1	No specific role
amir142	qwikad	1	No specific role
amir1982	dsa4	0	Developer
amir61	pascal-webdev	0	Developer
amir73il	kclamav	1	No specific role
amirad	pubmesh-tm4	1	No specific role
amiramir	pyndex	1	No specific role
amiramir	lupy	1	No specific role
amiramir	divmod	1	No specific role
amiramir	reverend	1	No specific role
amiran	motifation	1	No specific role
amirebrahimi	creatures	1	No specific role
amireteam	amire	1	No specific role
amirghz	platformocs	1	Developer
amirhirsch	foopga	1	No specific role
amirhosein	httpremoting	0	Developer
amiri	kernel	1	No specific role
amirian	jellyj	0	Developer
amirkibbar	xanno	1	No specific role
amirmemon	salatistics	1	No specific role
amirn	bonding	0	Developer
amiro	pas2dox	0	Developer
amiro	maddwarf	1	No specific role
amirs	libsmsil	0	Developer
amirs	xchatter	1	No specific role
amirs	fonteditfs	1	Developer
amirs	geexbox	1	Developer
amirs	syscalltrack	0	Developer
amirs	trafcount	1	No specific role
amirs	ushare	1	Developer
amirs	commcntr	1	No specific role
amirs	netmanager	1	No specific role
amirsaied	osccms	0	Developer
amirsh	goowares	1	No specific role
amir_a_seeker	cf-ajax-webmail	1	No specific role
amir_sadoughi	killersecsoft	1	No specific role
amir_shani	noagrid	1	Project Manager
amis	yamos	0	Developer
amis	muimathx	1	No specific role
amis	scoutos	0	Developer
amis	unmorphos	0	Developer
amis000	ldap-proxy	1	Developer
amisharmadillo	phpstep	0	Developer
amissemer	mydox	0	Developer
amit	modmylog	0	Developer
amit10may	xmltouml	0	Developer
amitagra21	tesoro	0	Developer
amitagra21	trinary	0	Developer
amitakhya	officeworkflow	1	No specific role
amita_bi	dma-ring	1	No specific role
amitbehal	cfircx	0	No specific role
amitc	tuxcards	1	No specific role
amitchatterjee	cafesip	1	No specific role
amitchatterjee	aceoperator	1	No specific role
amitchd	nepalmessenger	1	Developer
amitdawle	ejas	1	No specific role
amitdev	umf	1	No specific role
amitdey	wbid	0	Developer
amitdipsite	kids	0	Developer
amitdk	wsjdbc	1	Unix Admin
amitgud	wvs	0	Developer
amitgud	linisys-hammer	1	Developer
amitgud	nirvanamail	0	Developer
amitgud	eqfs	1	No specific role
amitgud	audiod	0	No specific role
amitgud	searchit	1	No specific role
amithadke	ospf-te	1	Project Manager
amithaperera	dicomparser	0	No specific role
amithaperera	vxl	1	No specific role
amithetabh	t-o-p	1	Developer
amithooja	nlibrary	0	Developer
amithooja	inv-stream-proj	0	Developer
amithooja	botbox	1	Developer
amithooja	mifs	0	Developer
amithooja	koolpoker	1	No specific role
amithooja	wlcs	1	No specific role
amithooja	richaffiliates	1	No specific role
amithooja	shalub	0	Developer
amithooja	firelogger	1	No specific role
amithooja	ezchatroombot	0	Developer
amith_raravi	unonet	0	Developer
amith_raravi	edutor	0	Developer
amith_raravi	dana	1	Developer
amitjaiswal	ccrf	1	No specific role
amitjaiswal	crf	0	Developer
amitkalekar	dalp	0	Developer
amitkirdatt	ranjan	1	No specific role
amitkoth	ultimatefilofax	1	Project Manager
amitkrv	spider2	1	No specific role
amitkrv	spider	1	No specific role
amitkulk	gnome-mp3	0	Developer
amitkushwaha	binja	1	No specific role
amitlimaye	aqsis	0	Developer
amitlimaye	tmacd	0	Developer
amitlimaye	jaluna	0	No specific role
amitmatani	gamescrafters	0	Developer
amitmathew	mageengine	1	Project Manager
amitmehta	batchide	0	Developer
amitmust	xmltouml	1	Unix Admin
amitp	simblob	1	No specific role
amitpabalkar	systeminstaller	0	Developer
amitpadgaonkar	phpdefob	1	Developer
amitrajpoot	lakhenpatra	1	No specific role
amitrana	sangam	1	All-Hands Person
amitrb	coppermine	0	Developer
amitron8	rtkblog	1	No specific role
amitron8	polishcalc	1	No specific role
amitron8	newhtms	1	No specific role
amitron8	easembly	1	No specific role
amitrupu	veriwell	0	Developer
amitsaha	netadmin-linux	1	No specific role
amitsahu	iskcondc	0	No specific role
amitsaxena0709	decigen	0	Developer
amitsaxena0709	ciop	0	Developer
amitshah	audiolink	1	Project Manager
amitshinde	flashrecruit	0	Developer
amitst	robotwars	1	No specific role
amitsurana	compare-files	0	Developer
amittai	mosesdecoder	0	Developer
amitvyas	qos-control	1	No specific role
amit_ary	j2mespeex	1	No specific role
amit_arya	care2002	0	Developer
amit_bhatnagar	opensourcebb	1	No specific role
amit_bhavadas	rednet	1	No specific role
amit_dangle	tradesim	1	No specific role
amit_deshmukh	colfs	0	Developer
amit_dsp	nounit	0	No specific role
amit_dsp	mp3apollo	0	Developer
amit_gautam	noix	1	No specific role
amit_goel	dpt	1	No specific role
amit_gupta	jsppgsqladmin	1	No specific role
amit_gupta	aaaadmin	1	No specific role
amit_gupta	phpprojectmanag	1	No specific role
amit_ibm2k	sblim	0	Developer
amit_mawkin	linkgrabber	1	No specific role
amit_mitkar	trion	0	Developer
amit_n_p	libellus	1	Project Manager
amit_rhodes	ashnix	0	Developer
amit_source	emarkets	1	No specific role
amit_th	photosearch	1	All-Hands Person
amix	mosix	1	Project Manager
amix3k	udhtml	1	No specific role
amix3k	dmoz2mysql	1	No specific role
amix3k	skeletonz	1	Developer
amj25	sopwith3	0	No specific role
amjathsharief	tree-model	1	No specific role
amjibaly	unidbtags	0	No specific role
amjosp	mwe	0	Developer
amk	pypi	0	Developer
amk4	apachemp3	0	Developer
amk4	mctk	0	No specific role
amk4	ids	1	Project Manager
amkehrer	ffgallery	1	No specific role
amkhitar	vcb	0	Developer
amki	wowsigscript	1	Developer
aml	e-kom	0	No specific role
amlan	fedi	0	Developer
amliebsch	keypressnoiser	1	No specific role
amliebsch	bespin	1	No specific role
amlm77	gestrock	1	No specific role
amluz	eightballstrike	0	No specific role
amluz	kennismanager	1	Developer
ammaceachren	geovistastudio	0	Project Manager
ammap	ammap	1	No specific role
ammar-ibrahim	ar8n-glossary	1	Project Manager
ammaradl	jmobi	1	No specific role
ammarahmed	netpopup	0	Developer
ammbot	nescc	0	Developer
ammbot	tinyos	0	Developer
ammg	statstudio	1	Analysis / Design
ammouna	eclipsesql	0	Developer
ammpython	pypyme	0	Developer
ammpython	gmav	1	No specific role
amms	tinywidgets	0	No specific role
ammu	cool	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
ammuanil	hotsax	0	Doc Writer
ammulder	gplugins	1	Developer
ammulder	openejb	0	Developer
ammulder	proxies	1	No specific role
ammulder	mosquito-ejb	1	No specific role
ammullan	rdesktopgui	1	No specific role
amn3s1a	luz	1	Project Manager
amn3s1a	ps2dev	0	No specific role
amn3s1a	irc-dev	0	Tester
amnesha	mupet	1	Unix Admin
amnesiac	showtimes	0	No specific role
amnesian	xot	0	All-Hands Person
amnesiasoft	pif	1	Developer
amnesic	geoformatter	1	Project Manager
amnguyen	mhobbit-php	0	No specific role
amnikitin	molmeccano	1	No specific role
amnio	fadsort	1	No specific role
amnio	flink	0	Developer
amnio	arlekin	1	Project Manager
amnio	i3d-converter	1	No specific role
amnio	taules-veritat	1	No specific role
amnk	linc	0	No specific role
amnuxoll	soar	0	Developer
amo-ej1	but	1	No specific role
amo-ej1	mfs	0	No specific role
amo-ej1	sbut	1	No specific role
amo003	jkaiui	0	Graphic/Other Designer
amo231	yoruba	1	No specific role
amo3	firebirdcn	1	No specific role
amodef	bonfire	0	Web Designer
amoebatron	tunnelx	0	No specific role
amoebios	nexuiz-extra	0	Developer
amogh	blob-blog	1	No specific role
amogh	pycraft	1	No specific role
amogh	xsuite	1	No specific role
amohari	rox	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
amohombe	meshcms	0	Developer
amohombe	click	0	Developer
amohombe	wrad	1	No specific role
amok3	memoranda	0	Doc Writer
amok3	phpautotest	1	All-Hands Person
amok81	amok81	1	No specific role
amokschlaf	jif	1	No specific role
amoliner	sjextensions	1	No specific role
amolinero	gestdb	1	No specific role
amolitor	mnbotmolitor	1	No specific role
amolitor	t33nymud	1	No specific role
amolparanjpe	hardwareinfo	1	No specific role
amolweb	gentli	1	No specific role
amolweb	gsa-japi	1	No specific role
amolweb	jgsl	1	All-Hands Person
amon	plotit	0	Developer
amon-re	playerpro	0	Project Manager
amon-re	verengine	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
amon-re	qtmagear	1	All-Hands Person
amon-theba	thebadb	1	No specific role
amon-theba	protojax	1	No specific role
amon13	testlab	0	Developer
amona	catchme	0	No specific role
amonaco14	sudoku-solver99	1	No specific role
amongwareth	ardreil	0	All-Hands Person
amonitzer	bbnet	1	No specific role
amonitzer	xonx	0	Developer
amonitzer	mitaub	0	No specific role
amonjushko	audiostreamer	1	Developer
amonjushko	electric-eye	1	Developer
amonlee	rsyncext	1	No specific role
amonline	ammessenger	1	No specific role
amontano	fieldling	0	No specific role
amontano	thdltools	0	Developer
amonterg	tesorero	0	No specific role
amontgom	macattrick	0	Developer
amontresor	antware	1	No specific role
amontresor	peersim	1	No specific role
amontresor	jgroup	1	Developer
amon_re	amiopenoffice	1	No specific role
amooy	sensor	1	Developer
amooy	toolforge	0	Developer
amooy	sillyexceptions	1	Developer
amoraes	jmetronomo	1	No specific role
amoratalla	smard	1	No specific role
amore9	vfer-ns	1	No specific role
amoreno	e2hc08	1	Project Manager
amoreno	dfsm	1	No specific role
amoreno	stdb	1	No specific role
amoret	talktok	0	Developer
amorgan	qanda	1	No specific role
amorilia	niftools	0	Developer
amorkan	multijava	0	Developer
amorkan	jmlspecs	0	Developer
amoro	enzyme	0	No specific role
amorotti	bscweasel	1	Developer
amorotti	jcryptool	0	Developer
amorph	crfh	1	Developer
amorphisproject	amorphis	1	No specific role
amorphous-mld	mlnet	1	Project Manager
amorphous-mld	mldonkey	1	Developer
amorphousshape	gtreemap	1	No specific role
amorse	svgdomcsharp	0	Developer
amos	apolloplayer	1	Developer
amos	emacro	0	Unix Admin
amos	ls-l	1	No specific role
amos	qtvu	1	No specific role
amos	qthello	1	No specific role
amos	regexplorer	1	No specific role
amosjeffries	squid	0	Developer
amosl	zope-book	1	Project Manager
amosl	zope-devel	1	Project Manager
amosshapira	privbind	0	Developer
amoswang	speedframework	0	Developer
amoswang	javaserialport	1	No specific role
amotin	mpd	1	All-Hands Person
amotin	marinebot	0	Developer
amotiwal	luge	0	Developer
amotl	tikiwiki	0	Developer
amouat	diffxml	1	No specific role
amouncef	ismon	0	Developer
amourtan	tangoclient	1	Project Manager
amowers	kithara	0	Developer
amowers	timetowork	1	Developer
amowers	hello	1	Analysis / Design
amox-mx	orclscripts	1	No specific role
amoyav	facturalux	0	Developer
amoy_tim_wu	beam4ma	1	Project Manager
amoy_tim_wu	mapeasy	1	Project Manager
amozo	yingle	1	Project Manager
amp5	guardiao	0	Developer
amp5	phprapiddev	0	Developer
amp5087	thonims	1	Project Manager
ampd_angel	ampdangel	1	No specific role
ampeer	plb4jedit	0	Developer
ampenguin	wpi-gdc	0	No specific role
amperp	convertdatetime	1	No specific role
ampersand	sandik	0	Developer
ampersandman	ygma	1	No specific role
ampersandman	speedreader	1	Project Manager
amphi	fluffware	0	Developer
amphi	inkscape	0	Developer
amphibian	coldstore	1	No specific role
amphibian	dijjer	0	Developer
amphibian	eof	0	Developer
amphibian	freenet	1	Developer
amphibian	vdb	1	No specific role
ampieb	nakeduml	1	No specific role
amplecom	cfformgen	1	No specific role
amponzi	desmume	0	No specific role
amproject	amproject	1	No specific role
ampspeed	mfx2	1	Project Manager
ampuero	sem2d	1	Project Manager
ampy	clisp	0	Developer
amp_smt	escolagnu	0	No specific role
amrambentolila	rstunnel	1	No specific role
amraphen	ao-ready	0	Developer
amrassinoux	flexcomponent	0	No specific role
amrbanna	icaro	0	All-Hands Person
amrchary	notecat	1	Project Manager
amrcmcm	amrcmcm	1	No specific role
amrein	qtopia-gpl	1	Project Manager
amreplay	rtvpatch	1	Developer
amrgouda	beep	1	Project Manager
amrgrim	tentun	0	Developer
amri	vectorgis	1	No specific role
amri	geoserver	0	Developer
amrigo	cgxhope	0	Developer
amril	ukhuwahdev	0	Developer
amrinders87	guca	0	Developer
amrinder_singh	takocompiler	0	No specific role
amritanshu	lostrealms	0	Developer
amritha	tagents	0	Developer
amross	java4notes	1	No specific role
amross	jsquadleader	1	No specific role
amross	freemindpda	1	No specific role
amrufon	tabukan	1	No specific role
amrutaj	linuxsfs-tm	0	Developer
amrutjoshi	ypop	1	No specific role
amrutjoshi	sandiaportals	0	Developer
amruyusrin	vertikapresence	1	No specific role
amr_04	mufix	0	Developer
amscanne	magellan-mark2	1	No specific role
amschoka	xforms4ubl	1	No specific role
amsgs	iaco	1	No specific role
amsgwp	fretscharts	1	No specific role
amshaegar	seatraders	1	Developer
amshali	sarvlibrary	1	No specific role
amshali	aspectweb	1	Project Manager
amsjunior	p2pnetwork	1	No specific role
amsjunior_br	engsoftblue	0	Developer
amsler	openrct	1	No specific role
amsler	aslib2	1	Project Manager
amsler	productivej	1	No specific role
amsn-skins	emerald-skin	1	No specific role
amspire	cinepaint	0	Developer
amtal	ldexforwindows	1	Developer
amtgreat	sikher	0	Developer
amtho	collective	0	No specific role
amtrickey	newstap	1	No specific role
amts	spgal	0	Developer
amuegge	tablehockey	1	No specific role
amuegge	winston	1	No specific role
amuegge	booklibman	1	No specific role
amuegge	hippopotamus	1	No specific role
amuegge	pocketorion	1	No specific role
amuehl	bbbike	0	Developer
amuehlem	boscop	0	Developer
amuehlem	collective	0	Developer
amufusim	jamochaagent	1	Developer
amufusim	jamocha	0	Developer
amuino	candy4appfuse	1	No specific role
amulpokh	daapsharp	1	Developer
amummey	joomla-mongolia	1	No specific role
amummey	linkbuilder	1	No specific role
amundson	maxima	0	Project Manager
amunit	winfragg	1	No specific role
amunix	cshellc	1	No specific role
amunph	myuo	0	Web Designer
amunph	juo	1	No specific role
amunptah	chaqo	1	No specific role
amunra	geoannotate	1	No specific role
amun_ra	optionoverkill	1	Developer
amura97	lifeflight	0	Graphic/Other Designer
amurphysmu	poormanspower	1	No specific role
amurren	perl-fortune	1	No specific role
amurren	statusboard	1	No specific role
amurren	cgi-wml	1	All-Hands Person
amurta	ptlyx	0	Developer
amurta	fsap	1	Project Manager
amurygin	stardict	0	Developer
amutch	kmeleon	1	Project Manager
amuys	kowari	1	Project Manager
amuys	console-gnome	1	Project Manager
amuzen	charmcuddle	1	Graphic/Other Designer
amuzen	languagetrainer	1	No specific role
amuzen	frostfire	1	All-Hands Person
amuzen	mysticaldream	1	All-Hands Person
amuzol	delphi	1	Developer
amuzulo	wikipedia	0	No specific role
amvh	cerebrum	0	Developer
amv_joey	uebdbmvc	0	Developer
amv_marco	uebdbmvc	1	No specific role
amv_simon	uebdbmvc	0	Developer
amwarrie	paperstructure	1	No specific role
amworley	hitchhiker	1	No specific role
amwranes	cba-reading	1	No specific role
amwranes	smp	1	Project Manager
amxa	amxa	1	No specific role
amxedup	subleq	1	No specific role
amxx	idaho	0	Developer
amy	gwmos	1	Project Manager
amydiff	sailaway	0	Editorial/Content Writer
amyfelie	javamlfrmk	0	No specific role
amygriffis	audit-test	1	Developer
amyhurst	iat	1	Developer
amyl	publicwhip	0	Developer
amylee	aspbookmng	1	No specific role
amyllyni	tempus-sipcal	0	Developer
amyloowho	ghpmathproj	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
amyrat	tattletale	1	No specific role
amyrat	ratrip	1	No specific role
amyrat	blogotron	1	No specific role
amyson	jtuxedo	1	No specific role
amytanz	adhocster	1	Project Manager
amythical	javtools	1	Developer
amy_murphy	lime	1	Project Manager
amy_ucf	sencilla	0	Developer
amz-island	jlop	1	No specific role
amzeen	betaworld	0	No specific role
amzin	starmap	1	No specific role
am_abdelsalam	openwimax	1	No specific role
am_lavignon	mecasp	1	Project Manager
am_mukherjee	cryptnet	0	Developer
an0	gmsn	1	No specific role
an0	galaxium	1	Developer
an0maly	xmod2	0	Developer
an0n	emc	0	Developer
an2478	jsutils	1	No specific role
an2478	jsgames	1	No specific role
an2478	voa	1	No specific role
ana0217	papier-mache	0	Developer
anabathulaj	logbag	1	No specific role
anabelle	comicblog	1	No specific role
anabey	anabey	1	No specific role
anabuki	p2pfolder	1	No specific role
anabus_maximus	tutorcntrmgr	1	No specific role
anacarda	elinguish	1	Project Manager
anachimuthu0	maven-plugins	0	Developer
anachronite	open-rtms	1	No specific role
anacleto	dv2sub	1	Developer
anacleto	entagged	0	Developer
anacletoa	webonadmin	1	No specific role
anacletoa	hornero	1	No specific role
anacondo	alfacosmos	1	Project Manager
anacreo	cciusers	1	No specific role
anadelonbrin	spambayes	0	Developer
anadgouda	stringbeans	0	Developer
anadoamonkey	xanths	1	Project Manager
anaef	jedidbd	0	Developer
anafernandez	openxava	0	No specific role
anagash	ferma	0	Developer
anaghakk	senseclusters	0	Developer
anaghakk	seam	1	Developer
anaghakk	ngram	0	Developer
anaghamudigonda	james-ff-soc	1	No specific role
anagha_m	kamaelia	0	Developer
anagnostaros	swing-css	1	No specific role
anaholzbach	spin-chirps	1	No specific role
anahuac	jegue	1	No specific role
anahuac	pagode	1	No specific role
anahuac	lespcel	1	No specific role
anahuac	lesp	1	Project Manager
anaik100	jxmlgui	1	Developer
anaik100	mtbrowser	0	Developer
anairi	newxmippdoc	0	Developer
anairi	newxmipp	0	Developer
anajarian	plone	0	Developer
anajarian	plone-i18n	0	No specific role
anajn	icme	0	No specific role
anakein	zang	0	Developer
anakha	foat	0	Analysis / Design
anakin	arnmusicmanager	1	No specific role
anaktos	nktspeview	1	Developer
analeman	trade2biz	1	No specific role
analesso	sql-ledger	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
anali	rv2	0	Developer
analisifunziona	totools	1	All-Hands Person
analisifunziona	exoopport	1	Developer
analisifunziona	ciamos	0	Developer
analitic1983	nikotracer	1	No specific role
analogies	bespoke	0	Developer
analogue	megahal	0	No specific role
analopes	epa	1	No specific role
analoq	openprop	0	No specific role
analyseur	alsa-nyser	1	Project Manager
analytiq	fxgas	1	All-Hands Person
analyzer	sub-sonic	0	Developer
anamanfan	sgavoices	1	All-Hands Person
anamimts	txt2tags-pda	1	No specific role
anamorphose	visualbaisconly	1	Unix Admin
anand003	ccnet	0	Developer
anand003	ironsmith	0	Developer
anand180	forensix	0	Developer
ananda01	cfopenbb	0	Developer
anandchugh	soul	0	Developer
anandd	freens	0	Developer
anandhariharan	xplusplus	0	Developer
anandkanatt	omcms	1	All-Hands Person
anandkattimani	endeavoros	0	Developer
anandkishan	dominodav	0	All-Hands Person
anandkishore	keewurd	1	No specific role
anandkishore	jtaggle	1	No specific role
anandks	ccsu-taskman	1	Developer
anandkulkarni	icmidge	1	No specific role
anandkumar	codefest	1	All-Hands Person
anandkumar	smokevm	0	No specific role
anandkunal	cfopenbb	0	Developer
anandlak	stplugin	1	Developer
anandm	kosh	1	No specific role
anandmath	usbportview	1	No specific role
anandprathi	asteriskcpp	1	No specific role
anandps	bindas	1	No specific role
anandram	cricstat	0	Developer
anandrao	feedzeo	1	No specific role
anandsagar	master-minds	0	Developer
anandsaha	stupid-utils	1	No specific role
anandsm	indlinux	0	Developer
anandsundaram	financialbase	0	No specific role
anandtoto	pantoto	0	Doc Writer
anand_akela	pysol	1	No specific role
anand_ashish45	cogkit	0	Developer
anand_k_jain	value	0	Project Manager
anand_mishra	ebxmlrr	0	Developer
anand_paranjape	a1kbms	1	No specific role
ananga	ekushey	0	Developer
anangel	j2ee-net	1	No specific role
ananth	lse	0	Developer
anantha05	netmanageutils	0	Developer
ananthar	yelo	0	Developer
ananthb	brahma-fx	1	Developer
ananthnarayan	visaineri	0	Developer
ananth_krishna	transmessaging	1	Developer
ananth_krishna	wssecit	1	Developer
anantn	cmsiki	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
anantv	rosettawerks	0	Developer
anant_sut	indianoss	0	Web Designer
anaplacido	diasgrid	1	Analysis / Design
anaplexian	dbxsqlxmldbms	1	No specific role
anarancio	swidgets	1	No specific role
anarazel	crystal	0	Developer
anarcap	sojourner	1	Project Manager
anarcat	kedpm	0	Developer
anarcat	filmforge	1	No specific role
anarcat	playlistmanager	0	Developer
anarcat	phptimetracker	1	All-Hands Person
anarch	gtranscript	1	No specific role
anarchie-x	pcsxosx	0	Developer
anarchie-x	novax	0	No specific role
anarchiex	xmemedit	0	Developer
anarchistpyro	cellosoft	1	No specific role
anarchos	vertex	1	Developer
anarchyco	wifree	0	No specific role
anarchyco	ndht	1	No specific role
anarchyco	ogre	0	Developer
anarchyco	jabberpp	1	No specific role
anarchyintheuk	lsl	0	Developer
anarchypower	simon-says	1	Developer
anarion	perl-es	1	No specific role
anarion99	uuk	1	Developer
anarkavre	pom1	1	No specific role
anarkavre	odamex	0	Developer
anarquiax	numl	0	Developer
anarquiax	monouml	1	All-Hands Person
anarquiax	html2php	1	No specific role
anarquiax	expertcoder	0	No specific role
anarsoul	smblansearch	1	No specific role
anarsoul	gnuitar	0	Developer
anarxia	gxmame	0	No specific role
anarxia	checkkernel	1	Project Manager
anarxia	jclassinfo	1	Project Manager
anasazi318	gralk	1	No specific role
anaseef	ovlfs	1	No specific role
anaseef	portslave	0	No specific role
anasoft	cappuccino	1	No specific role
anastasiosm	styx	1	No specific role
anastasiosyal	aams	1	No specific role
anastazi	pnob	0	Web Designer
anastiane	amazighfonts	0	Developer
anasua_25	advancedos	0	Developer
anaszko	threestore	0	Developer
anat0010	mlecsphp	1	No specific role
anathoni	fenix3d	1	No specific role
anathoni	ogi	1	Developer
anatolet	doaflex	1	No specific role
anatolet	xmlspproj	1	No specific role
anatolix	nauphone	1	Developer
anatolmayr	egrail-source	1	All-Hands Person
anatom	ejbca	1	Project Manager
anatom	signserver	0	Developer
anatr	cayambe	0	Developer
anau0001	peerlo	1	No specific role
anavarro	sodero	1	No specific role
anavarrocadavid	cellgis	1	No specific role
anaxagora	anaxagora	1	Project Manager
anaxagore	metrowidth	0	Developer
anazimok	regexbdr	1	No specific role
anazimok	slickedit	1	Project Manager
ana_carrare	bvim	1	No specific role
ana_ver	catms	0	Developer
anba	redpos	0	Developer
anbgibis	big	1	Project Manager
anbgibis	digir	0	Developer
anbit	nalandapl	1	No specific role
anblin	codenote	1	Developer
anbreizh	gnomeshrink	1	No specific role
anbumani	valai	0	Developer
anc	xletview	0	Developer
anc	pocketping	1	No specific role
ancal_aca	prmanager	0	Developer
ancascar	hmi-gesmon3	0	Developer
anca_vamanu	openser	0	Developer
ancelot	giftoxic	0	Developer
ancelot	defx	1	No specific role
ancelot	sqladmin	1	No specific role
ancelot	ugs3d	1	Developer
ancelot	anjuta	0	Developer
ancestor	pgbackupagent	1	No specific role
anchmed	familiar	1	No specific role
anchoret	netfltools	1	No specific role
anchuan	anchuan	1	No specific role
ancientlegends	ancientlegends	1	No specific role
ancilla	d20-chat	1	Developer
ancistrus	kobjects	0	Developer
ancker	wificoffee	1	No specific role
ancksunamun	robowars	0	Developer
ancksunamun	rorqualjc	1	No specific role
and-81	mp-plugins	0	Developer
and-81	mediaportal	0	Developer
and-iv	svarog	1	Developer
and-qso	amelia	0	Developer
and-qso	gamescrafters	0	Developer
and-sadovykh	genesys-mw	1	Project Manager
and-y-	sharpe	0	Developer
and1024	qt1l	0	Developer
and1hotsauce	tplrename	1	No specific role
and1maxx	duckquiz	0	Developer
and2	mastahteam	0	No specific role
and44	nauphone	1	Developer
and68	bilie-e-birilli	1	No specific role
andale	seworkbench	0	Developer
andalus	tempora	0	Developer
andaluz_lnx	advend	1	No specific role
andaluz_lnx	cogen	1	No specific role
andamooker	kde20devel	1	Project Manager
andaquin	sfourier	1	Developer
andares	saturnine	0	Developer
andargor	pcgen	0	Tester
andarivaadu	kdesktop-ticker	1	No specific role
andarivaadu	debmirror-qt	1	No specific role
andarivaadu	proxy-checker	1	No specific role
andax	fellow	0	Project Manager
andbe611	linux-igd	0	Developer
andbe611	mt-daapd	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
andbene	deb	0	No specific role
andcastello	polaris4os	0	No specific role
andcycle	emulemorph	1	All-Hands Person
andd	jboss	0	Developer
andd	joesnmp	1	No specific role
anddee2k	phpmemx	0	Tester
anddee2k	picbox	1	No specific role
anddya	opensds	0	No specific role
ande3171	chipmark	0	No specific role
andecla	sqlstrbuilder	1	Developer
andekar	physicalpoets	0	No specific role
andeli9	pododict	1	No specific role
andenore	portseasy	1	No specific role
andeon	furex	1	Graphic/Other Designer
andera	helpcenter	0	Project Manager
anderaye	smfarcade	0	Developer
anderbeck	wordcorr	0	Tester
anderbubble	snax	1	No specific role
andercrist	tipos	0	Developer
anderev	jolo	0	Developer
anderix	gdbc	1	No specific role
andermarce	atma	1	Developer
andernadal	vda	1	No specific role
anders-agren	bacsharp	1	No specific role
anders1a	bossxo	1	Project Manager
anders5737	ageofreedom	0	Tester
anders5737	seconddawn	0	Developer
anders94	route66	1	No specific role
andersagren	asp-admin	1	No specific role
andersan	wincue	1	No specific role
andersbe	moodle	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
andersborg	rsswml	1	Developer
andersee	elinux	1	Developer
andersee	tuxscreen	1	Developer
andersg	xmms2	1	No specific role
andersg	xbox-linux	0	Developer
andersh	matlinks	0	No specific role
andershedstrom	databasebridge	0	Developer
andershoven	net-organizer	1	No specific role
andersk	log4j	1	No specific role
andersliden	naptpt	1	No specific role
anderslille	websim	0	Developer
anderslin	springside	0	Developer
anderslin	hdo	1	No specific role
andersnc	mirage-wiki	1	No specific role
andersno	pwman	0	No specific role
andersohrt	chaos	0	Developer
andersok	twainmodule	0	No specific role
anderson	superdb	1	Requirements Engineering
anderson	ming	1	Developer
anderson	lsb	1	No specific role
andersonbr	syspd	1	No specific role
andersonf78	bitz-commons	1	No specific role
andersonfranco	fbquerysql	1	No specific role
andersongray	timina	0	Project Manager
andersonjsc	webapsee	0	No specific role
andersonns	netadmin	1	Developer
andersonrb	notes2	1	No specific role
andersontico	unbgames	0	Developer
andersontico	pmmunb	1	Project Manager
andersonvs	arquimedes	0	No specific role
anderson_nuss	documentator	1	Project Manager
anderson_scr	linfca	0	Developer
anderson_stpinf	freedom-erp	1	Unix Admin
andersosterholm	nlpfarm	0	Developer
andersrson	bagle	1	Project Manager
andersrum	wh40k-fd	0	No specific role
anderssehn	anderssehncms	1	Project Manager
anderssk	xoopsdanish	1	No specific role
andersson	nmedit	1	No specific role
andersson	fidab	1	Project Manager
andersson	state	1	No specific role
andersson	javare	1	No specific role
anderssonj	gakusei	0	No specific role
anderstj	openbt	1	Developer
andersvi	commonmusic	0	Developer
anders_a	focused-crawler	1	No specific role
anders_hoejsted	botp2004	0	Developer
anders_holm_ie	columba	0	Developer
anders_l	viralator	0	Unix Admin
anders_n	j2ep	1	No specific role
anders_nygren	oserl	0	Developer
anders_schwartz	zipstat	0	Developer
anderuso	ospace	0	Developer
anderz	slayer3	1	Developer
anderz	aortas	0	Developer
anderzz	topdown	0	Developer
andete	cbios	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
andete	openmsx	1	Developer
andgampe	eressea	0	Developer
andgampe	genforms	0	Developer
andhamilton	hacksaw	0	No specific role
andho	ebolinux	1	Project Manager
andhow	dxutil	1	No specific role
andi	zeroconf	0	Developer
andi	liftoff	1	No specific role
andi-martin	php-spacester	0	Developer
andi001	apokalypse	1	Developer
andi66	webman-cms	0	Developer
andi75	kosmosonline	1	No specific role
andi75	gltron	1	Developer
andi75	freeglut	0	Developer
andibraeu	weimarnetz-fw	1	No specific role
andieb	drakecms	0	Tester
andieb	gladius	0	Tester
andier	luna-ai	1	No specific role
andifranz	uno-fesst	1	No specific role
andifukuchi	uni-academica	1	Unix Admin
andig2	videodb	1	Project Manager
andig2	phpapplet	1	No specific role
andig2	httpclient	1	No specific role
andihess	openshore	0	Developer
andij	hibernate-echo	1	No specific role
andijahja	hwgui	0	Developer
andijahja	harbour-project	0	Developer
andijahja	xhuggle	0	Developer
andijahja	xharbour	1	No specific role
andiji	toutatis	1	No specific role
andik	rstatd	1	All-Hands Person
andik	araas	1	No specific role
andikt01	linviex	1	Project Manager
andilimberger	venividiwiki	0	Developer
andim2	acx100	1	Developer
andimartin	serialapi	1	No specific role
andimei	yavot	1	No specific role
andimei	intoj	0	Developer
andimei	preclipse	0	Developer
andimo	tagbox	0	Developer
andipak	qanagram	0	No specific role
andipe	laos	0	Developer
andir	kfstab	1	Project Manager
andir2	acryptohashnet	1	No specific role
andismirre	log4eclipse	0	Developer
andismirre	javainstantmsgr	1	No specific role
andi_a	xmlweblication	1	Project Manager
andi_boe	sodid	1	No specific role
andi_boe	protms	1	No specific role
andjo868	mchatt	1	No specific role
andjo868	nlpfarm	0	Developer
andjones	gabel	0	Developer
andk	icek	1	Developer
andkaha	latexintro	1	No specific role
andkar	mara	0	Developer
andkhropov	vxl	0	No specific role
andki553	sharpster	0	Tester
andla	sharpster	1	Unix Admin
andla	ubios	1	No specific role
andla	marve	1	No specific role
andla	picofarm	1	Developer
andla	idaicq	1	No specific role
andlabs	libertyoffice	1	No specific role
andlaus	dav	0	Developer
andleg	tclplugin	0	No specific role
andleg	tcl	0	No specific role
andleg2000	ireport	0	Developer
andleg2000	compiere	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
andleg2000	compiere-mfgscm	1	Project Manager
andli66	sisi	0	No specific role
andlil4711	nunitforms	0	Developer
andlu	webril	1	No specific role
andmisha	adminpanel	1	No specific role
andoering	seqan	1	Project Manager
andom	namenlos	0	Developer
andonov	jgears	0	Unix Admin
andorin	rth	1	Developer
andorino	unservices	1	No specific role
andorl1001	sqldc	1	No specific role
andorsch	emil-email	1	Project Manager
andos561	nlpfarm	0	Developer
andos561	pymorphic	1	No specific role
andosa	vsledit	1	Developer
andot	php-rpc	1	Project Manager
andot	dwpl	0	Developer
andphe	nokkaew	1	Developer
andphe	mambo-es	1	Project Manager
andprosp	tarimporter	1	Developer
andqua	swisspit	1	No specific role
andrack	ipodtool	1	Developer
andradejr	vensso	0	No specific role
andradejr	oxe	0	No specific role
andraea	aquamarine	0	Web Designer
andraet	phpstudlist	0	No specific role
andran	zombieattack	1	No specific role
andras	gcms	1	No specific role
andras	lasagne	1	No specific role
andras	coolscan2	1	No specific role
andras	c-minuit	1	No specific role
andrasb	owx	1	Developer
andrasb	baracudautil	1	Project Manager
andraskovacs	wmclear	1	No specific role
andrasy	organiz	1	No specific role
andrasy	tkbuilder	1	Project Manager
andrasy	tkbuilder84	1	No specific role
andrazj	p2people	0	No specific role
andrbiz	andrbiz	1	No specific role
andre-lehmann	amadeus	0	No specific role
andre-p	yaos	1	No specific role
andre-sp	pam-mysql	0	Developer
andre-stietzel	powl	0	Developer
andre187	uphportal	1	No specific role
andre2711	smesim	0	Project Manager
andre4sh	mkaudio	1	No specific role
andre82	tape-producer	0	Developer
andrea-alberto	gaia-git	0	Developer
andrea-tessaro	jenia4faces	0	Developer
andrea28112	symptompro	0	Developer
andrea3891	postplus	0	Developer
andreabacco	twikiplugins	0	Developer
andreabacco	xflows	0	Unix Admin
andreabat	openpec	0	Developer
andreabelardi	freeenciclopedy	1	No specific role
andreabergia	jgamecollection	1	No specific role
andreabergia	interpretingex	1	No specific role
andreabergia	pdfview	1	No specific role
andreabergia	kextragames	1	Project Manager
andreabinda	venividivici	1	No specific role
andreabix	moodle	0	Graphic/Other Designer
andreabresciani	genesim	0	Developer
andreabresciani	basketmanager	1	No specific role
andreabresciani	shootshoot	1	Project Manager
andread74	limacute	1	No specific role
andread74	fnofs	1	Project Manager
andreadakis	leonardoserver	1	Developer
andreadi	smtool	1	No specific role
andreadis	bufr-info	1	No specific role
andreaditella	imageshower	1	No specific role
andreae	kship	1	Project Manager
andreaf	nekit	1	Project Manager
andreafrancia	bluetrash	1	No specific role
andreagoethals	jviz	1	No specific role
andreaingegneri	c3ds	1	No specific role
andreaingegneri	freexporter	1	Developer
andreakn	cclnet	0	Developer
andreakn	jgabong	1	No specific role
andrealeitner	venividiwiki	1	Developer
andream1977	m-editor	1	No specific role
andreamagalhaes	novidades	1	No specific role
andreamarcacci	phpchainshot	1	No specific role
andreamazzolini	jetnuke	1	No specific role
andreamazzoni	stunts3d	1	No specific role
andreame	btnode	0	Developer
andreamedeghini	jame	1	Developer
andreamedeghini	memstruct	1	Developer
andreamt	moztrans	0	Developer
andreaolivato	u-fingerprint	1	No specific role
andreaplanet	tping	1	No specific role
andreaquino	mimes	0	Developer
andrearpin	gcgreatcode	1	Developer
andreas-jonsson	voipmobilegate	1	No specific role
andreas-link	yanim	0	Developer
andreas-m	i3m	1	Developer
andreas-solberg	rsyncbackup	1	No specific role
andreas-solberg	moria	1	Developer
andreas.hoecker	tmva	1	Developer
andreas1999	minhttpd	1	Developer
andreas50931	jamwiki	0	Developer
andreas7484	shutup	0	Developer
andreas98	yast	1	Doc Writer
andreas99	stargus	0	No specific role
andreas99	teledat	1	No specific role
andreas99	gldesigner	1	No specific role
andreas99	gmrun	0	All-Hands Person
andreas99	makehuman	0	Developer
andreas99	enlightenment	0	Developer
andreasaugustin	venividiwiki	0	Developer
andreasb	tista	1	No specific role
andreasb	remmen	1	No specific role
andreasb	sndp	1	No specific role
andreasb	multipeer	1	No specific role
andreasb	pycast	1	Project Manager
andreasb	nor-mandrake	1	No specific role
andreasb123	gpeardo	0	Developer
andreasbehrmann	dive	1	Project Manager
andreasbiesdorf	care2002	0	Developer
andreasbischoff	learnml	0	Developer
andreasblenk	matrix-pse	1	Developer
andreasbogk	marlais	0	Developer
andreasc1977	civ4mods	0	Developer
andreasderijcke	java-ml	0	Developer
andreasdiem	phpbtbb	1	Project Manager
andreasedal	musiccommand	1	No specific role
andreasf	dsdevguild	0	Developer
andreasfank	venividiwiki	0	Developer
andreasgenser	venividiwiki	0	Developer
andreasgoerlach	nose	1	Project Manager
andreasgruber	venividiwiki	1	Developer
andreashansen	kombos	1	Developer
andreashansen	guara	1	No specific role
andreashauri	dotnetportal	1	Project Manager
andreasheld	pyfltk	1	Project Manager
andreashenschel	psisoft	0	All-Hands Person
andreashuemmer	mm-pro	1	No specific role
andreashuetter	venividiwiki	0	Developer
andreasjacob	open-concute	1	No specific role
andreasjung	csng	1	All-Hands Person
andreaskoepke	tinyos	0	No specific role
andreaskoepke	mixim	0	No specific role
andreaskoepke	mobility-fw	1	Project Manager
andreaskohn	traglast	0	No specific role
andreaskohn	typeelectric	1	No specific role
andreaskohn	zfxce	1	Developer
andreaskuntz	avetanabt	0	Developer
andreaskuntz	jsr82-routing	1	Project Manager
andreaslo	uemlbase-plugin	1	No specific role
andreaslo	ueml	1	No specific role
andreaslo	uemlbase	1	No specific role
andreaslo	uemlfacilitator	1	Project Manager
andreasm	cdrdao	1	No specific role
andreasm	mgen	0	Developer
andreasmantke	portableoo	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
andreasmuenster	pfsau	1	No specific role
andreasn	errsum	1	No specific role
andreasnaesager	perennial	1	Project Manager
andreasnaesager	aspwebmail	1	No specific role
andreasnotsch	venividiwiki	0	No specific role
andreasott	projectzilla	1	No specific role
andreaspaeffgen	texniccenter	0	Developer
andreaspauley	translate	0	No specific role
andreaspauley	cctools	0	Editorial/Content Writer
andreaspauley	zaf	1	No specific role
andreaspetzhold	df-server-check	1	Developer
andreasr	tos	0	Developer
andreasraab	croquetproject	1	No specific role
andreasraab	squeak	1	No specific role
andreasrichter1	hylawebclient	1	No specific role
andreasrisch	idee	0	All-Hands Person
andreasroedig	reignofforce	1	Project Manager
andreasroedig	rof-client	1	Project Manager
andreasroedig	rofinspace	1	No specific role
andreasronge	ddsteps	0	Developer
andreasse01013	bifi	1	Developer
andreassiebenho	venividiwiki	0	Developer
andreassumper	venividiwiki	1	Developer
andreasthiel	juca	1	No specific role
andreasweinberg	venividiwiki	0	Developer
andreaswidmann	bva-io	1	Project Manager
andreaswoerner	palo	0	Support Manager
andreaswuest	pushingl	1	No specific role
andreaszdw	hexbattle	1	No specific role
andreas_	samsha	1	Developer
andreas_	architecturware	0	No specific role
andreas_bac	tikiwiki	0	Developer
andreas_bauer	swamp	1	Project Manager
andreas_bauer	blinkenled	0	Developer
andreas_baumann	twikiedit	1	No specific role
andreas_baumann	kmtraceviewer	1	No specific role
andreas_baumann	kmood	1	No specific role
andreas_behrens	emai	1	No specific role
andreas_bertsch	open-ms	1	Project Manager
andreas_eidmann	cassandra	1	Project Manager
andreas_eidmann	latexeditor	1	No specific role
andreas_garsell	iprecord	0	Developer
andreas_gor	labolina	1	No specific role
andreas_granzer	cassandra	0	Project Manager
andreas_hu	openwebload	0	Developer
andreas_huber	gtec	1	Doc Writer
andreas_huber69	boost	0	Developer
andreas_huber69	boost-sandbox	0	Developer
andreas_i	sncs	1	No specific role
andreas_kl	schafkopfen	1	Developer
andreas_klotz	cms2rdf	1	No specific role
andreas_koch	epacrypt	1	No specific role
andreas_kupries	expect	0	No specific role
andreas_kupries	incrtcl	0	No specific role
andreas_kupries	oratcl	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
andreas_kupries	memchan	1	No specific role
andreas_kupries	tktreectrl	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
andreas_kupries	tkimg	1	Developer
andreas_kupries	tktoolkit	1	Developer
andreas_kupries	tktable	0	Developer
andreas_kupries	tcllib	1	No specific role
andreas_kupries	tclpro	1	Developer
andreas_kupries	tclx	0	No specific role
andreas_kupries	tclplugin	0	No specific role
andreas_kupries	tclvfs	1	Developer
andreas_kupries	tcltrf	1	Developer
andreas_kupries	tclapplescript	0	Developer
andreas_kupries	tclweb	0	No specific role
andreas_kupries	tclxml	0	Developer
andreas_kupries	tcl	1	No specific role
andreas_liebert	jobscheduler	1	No specific role
andreas_o	oinkmaster	1	No specific role
andreas_ohlund	dbvermanager	1	Developer
andreas_rath	ogo-jogi	0	Developer
andreas_rath	jogiogoclient	0	Developer
andreas_s44	meckwiki	1	Project Manager
andreas_schmid	swt-xlayout	1	Developer
andreas_vox	scribus	0	Developer
andreas_welcker	autoverkauf	1	No specific role
andreavaccari	instantobjects	0	Developer
andreavalente	javasam	1	No specific role
andreavalente	freesketch	1	No specific role
andreavalente	avatarsdev	1	No specific role
andreavalente	c-cardsdev	1	No specific role
andreavalente	smaall	1	No specific role
andreavalente	limacat	1	Project Manager
andreavola	telaen	0	Developer
andreayeong	ghmm	0	All-Hands Person
andreaz	glxtreem	1	No specific role
andrea_ap	instantobjects	0	Developer
andrea_delucia	finevms	0	Project Manager
andrea_delucia	coconut	0	Project Manager
andrea_dtsoft	broadcasttvxml	0	Developer
andrea_lener	auctionlister	1	Developer
andrea_lioi	twais	0	Developer
andrea_mac	qp2ooo	1	Developer
andrea_magni	camelos	0	Developer
andrea_mcred	borplan	1	Support Technician
andrea_mercurio	gaius	1	No specific role
andrea_pagliari	hostingjava	0	No specific role
andrea_piovesan	tdbtreeview	1	No specific role
andrea_rendl	minion	1	Project Manager
andrea_sarro	hwmps	1	Developer
andrea_sarro	quirck	1	Developer
andreb	lcdproc	0	Developer
andrebar	omnicv	1	Project Manager
andrebassi	asportal	1	Developer
andrebsd	xmicrosystems	1	Project Manager
andrecamargo	archetypes	0	Developer
andrecosta	mypodsync	1	Project Manager
andredon	opencontent	1	No specific role
andree	utah-glx	0	No specific role
andreea_butiu	strafe	0	Developer
andreemcristo	basstuner	1	No specific role
andreenc	hp3i	1	Unix Admin
andreescudero	cnbya	1	Project Manager
andreew2002	malik	1	Developer
andreeyka	dynmvts	1	No specific role
andreeyka	webnibs	1	No specific role
andrefreitas	zc0302	0	Developer
andregellert	phoo4all	1	No specific role
andregil	columba	0	Developer
andreg_acr	cybercorps	1	No specific role
andreh	gnupoc	0	Developer
andreh	s4u	1	No specific role
andrei	php-blog	0	Developer
andrei	phpmole-ide	1	Developer
andrei	snoopy	1	No specific role
andrei25ni	supremacy	1	No specific role
andrei33	flac	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
andreic	masc	1	No specific role
andreich	csnetworktester	1	All-Hands Person
andreicho	lug-bg	0	Developer
andreie	webshieldbiz	1	Developer
andreie	dbug	1	Developer
andreif	proteusmpf	1	No specific role
andreiij	ntwcallerid	1	No specific role
andreik	firebird	0	No specific role
andreik	gedemin	1	No specific role
andreikromm	estudy	0	No specific role
andreimakarov	ramsess	1	No specific role
andreimakarov	mpphp	1	Developer
andreimaxim	inkdrop	1	Developer
andreioprea	cfopenbb	0	Developer
andreipamula	yaml4net	1	No specific role
andreipamula	sharpdilbert	1	No specific role
andreistoleru	weweb	1	No specific role
andreivasiliu	imts	1	Project Manager
andreix	jmaster	1	No specific role
andrei_0	tula	1	No specific role
andrei_savu	static-httpd	1	No specific role
andrei_savu	net-eval-pack	1	No specific role
andrei_savu	net-framework	1	No specific role
andrei_savu	physlab	1	No specific role
andrei_smyk	mod-pubsub	0	Developer
andrej4000	themanaworld	0	Tester
andrej4000	devpaks	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
andrej4000	scumm4u	1	No specific role
andrej4000	runcms	0	Developer
andrejb	nextcms	1	All-Hands Person
andrejciho	needsmet	1	No specific role
andrejciho	drtr	1	No specific role
andrejciho	wheremymoneygo	1	No specific role
andrejkw	wxphp	1	No specific role
andrejpk	vssbrowser	1	No specific role
andrejpk	nimap	1	No specific role
andrejv	wxmaxima	1	Project Manager
andrejv	maxima	1	Developer
andrej_h	isportal07	0	Developer
andrej_prsa	phoebe	1	No specific role
andrek	uniview	1	No specific role
andrek	anorasi	1	No specific role
andreknu	noxic-webshop	1	No specific role
andrelbhenrique	dccontrol	1	Project Manager
andreli	fun2write	1	No specific role
andrelop	qref	0	Developer
andrelouw	impi	0	Developer
andrelouw	pbof	0	Developer
andreluiz	andreluiz	1	All-Hands Person
andremachado	erp-br	1	Developer
andremachado	php-java-bridge	0	No specific role
andremiranda	xchain	1	Project Manager
andremk	akak	1	No specific role
andreneu	cass	0	No specific role
andrenfreitas	libbn	1	Developer
andrenix	notes2	0	Tester
andrenth	slackports	0	Developer
andrenucci	meshlab	0	No specific role
andreoien	cdrecord-wiz	1	No specific role
andreoporto	listring	1	No specific role
andreozzi	xmatch	1	No specific role
andreozzi	diffserv4ns	1	Developer
andreozzi	gridice	1	No specific role
andrepeitz	scool	1	No specific role
andrepestana	jguard	0	Developer
andrepm	storefront	1	No specific role
andrepm	tradestation	1	Developer
andreradke	frontierkernel	1	All-Hands Person
andreramos	nreader	1	Project Manager
andrerav	phpsimplemvc	1	No specific role
andrerdf	jpictures	0	Developer
andrereis	bo2k	0	Content Management
andrereis	openbnc	1	Project Manager
andrerestivo	peardboo	1	Project Manager
andrerezende	profor	1	Unix Admin
andrerib	emuleplus	0	Developer
andrericos	greensocs	0	No specific role
andreriis	ribook	1	No specific role
andrerodo	nsisscripts	1	No specific role
andrerodo	dyndnsupdater	1	No specific role
andrerodo	torrentsecure	1	No specific role
andrers52	project-arts	0	No specific role
andres	linux-lc100020	1	No specific role
andres	jbars	1	No specific role
andres	javatunnel	1	Project Manager
andres32a	speedread	1	No specific role
andres9606t	afight	1	No specific role
andresantos	ebano	0	No specific role
andresaude	pymorph	1	Project Manager
andreschnabel	commandertux	1	No specific role
andreschumacher	newsbyweb	0	Developer
andresesposito	sms-mail-sms	1	Developer
andresg	jatisat	0	Developer
andresilva	makereal	1	No specific role
andresma	hogardigital	1	No specific role
andresmat_	gtkslocate	1	Developer
andresmo	ore	1	No specific role
andresmolina	fsbackup	1	No specific role
andresmontanez	cimarron	1	No specific role
andresmontanez	st-fwall	1	No specific role
andresriancho	w3af	1	No specific role
andresriancho	oph	1	No specific role
andresriancho	untidy	1	No specific role
andresrivas	emesene	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
andrestartrek	phpbbmod	1	Project Manager
andrestartrek	hacksphpbb	1	Project Manager
andresteingress	egforms	0	Developer
andresteingress	rider	0	Project Manager
andresteingress	strunts	1	Developer
andresvettori	plumbworkorange	0	No specific role
andresy	torch5	1	No specific role
andres_acero	aquynza	0	Developer
andres_kievsky	pngwriter	0	Developer
andres_p1	secureim	1	No specific role
andres_paglayan	openemr	1	Project Manager
andres_t	fpgalibre	0	Developer
andret	eduslug	0	Developer
andret	logfiles	1	No specific role
andrethemighty	dsre	1	Distributor/Promoter
andrethemighty	mjolnir	1	Project Manager
andreums	spottercenter	1	No specific role
andreutz	zvonnews	1	No specific role
andreu_n1	adisisdrupal	1	Project Manager
andrev	pyfian	1	No specific role
andrev	guilt	1	No specific role
andrev	pbraille	1	No specific role
andreval2d	l2concepts	1	Developer
andrevanzuydam	cdeengine	1	No specific role
andrevasko	sonat	1	No specific role
andrew-act	project-pluto	1	Developer
andrew-benton	linux-usb	0	No specific role
andrew-d	wscdl-eclipse	1	No specific role
andrew-h	edirolvmcs	1	No specific role
andrew-wilcox	awos	1	All-Hands Person
andrew0	lujp	1	Developer
andrew23	manstyle	1	No specific role
andrew23	dxflib	1	No specific role
andrew23	teamdraw	0	Developer
andrew23	xparrot	1	No specific role
andrew23	trophy	1	Unix Admin
andrew23	vec2web	1	No specific role
andrew23	quaneko	1	Developer
andrew23	qcad2	1	Developer
andrew23	qtimeseries	1	No specific role
andrew23	qcad	1	Project Manager
andrew24601	extremebasic	1	No specific role
andrew26_2	vnext	1	Developer
andrew3987	obdmp	1	No specific role
andrew456	canopy	1	No specific role
andrew456	xpose	1	Developer
andrew61388	aetherion	0	Developer
andrew7782	cuecatdotnet	1	No specific role
andrew7782	php-vfs	1	Developer
andrewaclt	newbasic	0	Developer
andrewapmurphy	bool-goat	1	No specific role
andrewb78	gradebooks	0	Web Designer
andrewb78	mktools	1	No specific role
andrewb78	music-port-mgr	1	Project Manager
andrewbaker	barnyard	1	Developer
andrewbaker	snort	1	Developer
andrewbalan	praetorian	1	Developer
andrewbalan	easysmpp	1	Developer
andrewbalan	easymessaging	1	No specific role
andrewbanks	contaxplore	1	No specific role
andrewbates	jnetconf	1	No specific role
andrewbates	swang	0	Developer
andrewbelcher	thevr	1	Developer
andrewbell	yamos	0	Developer
andrewbell	libxad	0	Developer
andrewbird	datacardsupport	1	No specific role
andrewbirkett	zc0302	0	Developer
andrewblake	europhenome	1	Developer
andrewborrell	jungleball	1	No specific role
andrewbruno	jasen	0	All-Hands Person
andrewbull99	libbetfair-api	0	Developer
andrewbwilcox	jiprof	1	No specific role
andrewbwilcox	sematos	1	No specific role
andrewbwm	mini-cs	0	Developer
andrewby	mod-xmlrpc	1	No specific role
andrewc	enzyme	0	No specific role
andrewchau	richpayment	1	No specific role
andrewchau	richpaymnet	1	No specific role
andrewclark	codsys	1	No specific role
andrewcoates	collective	0	Developer
andrewcooper	inkubator	0	Developer
andrewcooper	jscorch	1	Developer
andrewcrew	xneur	0	Developer
andrewcza	cobol	0	Developer
andrewcza	tiny-cobol	0	Developer
andrewd2yaru	oleandr	1	No specific role
andrewdavey	booml	1	Developer
andrewdavey	blw	1	Project Manager
andrewdavey	specter	1	Developer
andrewdavidson	palms	1	No specific role
andrewdenton	tiopf	1	Developer
andrewdenton	tporpheus	0	No specific role
andrewdenton	tpvplanit	0	No specific role
andrewdm	chembuddy	1	No specific role
andrewdn	karrigell	0	Developer
andrewdoull	eyangband	0	No specific role
andrewdsmart	pydatamig	1	No specific role
andrewdsmith	cread	1	Developer
andrewduffell	phpform-mail	1	Project Manager
andrewdv	opensend	1	No specific role
andrewdwhite	dvd-to-ipod	1	Developer
andrewdynamo	delphi2ooo	1	No specific role
andrewdynamo	teacherhelp	1	No specific role
andreweland	cvsmonitor	0	Developer
andrewescott	mobiledevtools	1	No specific role
andrewevans	mod-pubsub	0	Developer
andrewfarley	nspod	1	Project Manager
andrewfarley	jrouter	1	Project Manager
andrewfawcett	freeextractor	1	Project Manager
andrewfr	icecubes	0	Developer
andrewfreiday	jdream	1	No specific role
andrewgilmartin	clownbike	1	Project Manager
andrewgilmartin	galley	1	No specific role
andrewgodwin	feathercms	1	No specific role
andrewgodwin	libvisual	0	Web Designer
andrewgodwin	bytehoard	1	Project Manager
andrewgodwin	aevolution	1	Developer
andrewgonzales	algebraagent	1	No specific role
andrewhardie	unitag	1	All-Hands Person
andrewhead	tvae	1	Developer
andrewhollands	tpessence	0	No specific role
andrewhollands	tpsystools	0	No specific role
andrewhollands	tpshellshock	0	No specific role
andrewhollands	tpsystoolskylix	0	No specific role
andrewhowlett	freeciv4palmos	1	Project Manager
andrewid	psadmin	1	No specific role
andrewinkler	betoffice	1	Project Manager
andrewinkler	kita	1	Developer
andrewiskandar	mmm2	1	No specific role
andrewjb	mulib	0	Developer
andrewjb	fscp	0	Web Designer
andrewjcross	streetsheet	1	Project Manager
andrewjj20	trans-locator	1	No specific role
andrewjohnnoon	selfserve	1	No specific role
andrewkarnowski	manifest	1	No specific role
andrewkesterson	devkitpro	0	Developer
andrewkoransky	opengps-net	1	No specific role
andrewla	plc	1	No specific role
andrewlarssen	spamproofwiki	0	No specific role
andrewlorien	speedreader	1	Developer
andrewm	zxgate	1	No specific role
andrewm	lucrative	0	Developer
andrewm1	phpgroupworks	1	Developer
andrewm1	qubeos	1	All-Hands Person
andrewm1	redhorn	1	All-Hands Person
andrewm1	royalcms	1	Developer
andrewm1	cire	1	Project Manager
andrewm1	atak-avv	0	Web Designer
andrewm1986	javaircdaemon	1	No specific role
andrewm1986	icechat	0	Developer
andrewma01	gamescrafters	0	Developer
andrewma369	minitaskmgr	1	No specific role
andrewmacdonald	timmyengine	0	No specific role
andrewmaier	newtonlink	1	Project Manager
andrewmara	jquantum	0	Developer
andrewmason	baptools	1	No specific role
andrewmason	libbaptools	1	No specific role
andrewmatta	rtsdemo	1	No specific role
andrewmcnab	gridsite	1	No specific role
andrewmcnamara	rpy	0	Developer
andrewmcnamara	python	0	Developer
andrewmcnamara	python-sybase	1	No specific role
andrewmcnamara	netepi	1	Developer
andrewmen	galapagosga	1	No specific role
andrewmwalker	gdis	0	Tester
andrewneville	openciti	1	No specific role
andrewpayton	advanceserv	0	Developer
andrewpeterson	echurchsolution	1	No specific role
andrewpike	fidel	1	No specific role
andrewpittaway	onbeta	1	No specific role
andrewpunch	docfrac	1	No specific role
andrewr	task	0	No specific role
andrewr	alfred	1	Project Manager
andrewrcollins	jspmyadmin	0	Developer
andrewrcollins	jmapscript	1	No specific role
andrewrcollins	rouletti	1	No specific role
andrewrees	satrap	0	No specific role
andrewreid	alfred	1	Support Manager
andrewriedi	bnirc	1	Project Manager
andrewringler	n-load	1	No specific role
andrewrn	lumdbook	1	No specific role
andrewross	lasi	0	Developer
andrewross	plplot	1	All-Hands Person
andrews	gradix	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
andrews42	husky	0	Developer
andrewsampson	cigi	1	Developer
andrewsavikas	quickstyler	1	No specific role
andrewsbob	backoffice-irc	1	No specific role
andrewschein	lispdatetime	1	No specific role
andrewscott	echoechocms	0	Graphic/Other Designer
andrewsharpe	xfce4-cpufreq	1	No specific role
andrewsimpson	webcollab	1	Project Manager
andrewsimpson	core-lan-org	1	Developer
andrewsoft	phpfidonode	1	No specific role
andrewsorich	thepiperdeluxe	1	No specific role
andrewsquire	jfist	1	No specific role
andrewstone	openclovis	1	No specific role
andrewstopford	aspxmlrpc	0	No specific role
andrewstopford	vwebserver	1	Project Manager
andrewstopford	dotnetopensrc	0	Developer
andrewsumner	omnipatch	1	No specific role
andrewsumner	awka	1	Project Manager
andrewt-oss	linuxperf	0	No specific role
andrewtaoist	xtree	1	Project Manager
andrewtaylor	xu4	1	No specific role
andrewtaylor	acapd	1	No specific role
andrewtaylor	imsptool	1	No specific role
andrewtaylor	rwhod-win	1	No specific role
andrewthegreen	relaisirc	0	No specific role
andrewthegreen	xmlt	1	No specific role
andrewthegreen	element-python	1	No specific role
andrewtosh	pgmfi	0	Developer
andrewvk	php4java	0	Developer
andrewvlit	vlit	1	No specific role
andrewwo	aetos	1	Developer
andrewwo	logilogi	0	Developer
andrewwo	libxcal	0	No specific role
andrewwwilson	humane	0	No specific role
andrewy	cvssearch	0	No specific role
andrewytf	jooone	1	No specific role
andrewziem	time-clock	1	No specific role
andrewziem	wxsvg	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
andrewziem	cday	1	Developer
andrewziem	rlsavon	1	No specific role
andrewziem	dvdstyler	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
andrewziem	libwps	1	All-Hands Person
andrewziem	proxyfiltertest	1	No specific role
andrewziem	phpprayerboard	1	No specific role
andrewziem	sos	1	All-Hands Person
andrew_avis	strangebrew	1	Project Manager
andrew_beechey	anj	1	No specific role
andrew_belov	arj	1	Project Manager
andrew_blchen	opencxx	0	No specific role
andrew_c-	engine-x	0	Developer
andrew_cohen	plsqleditor	0	Developer
andrew_g11	zapata-tei	1	No specific role
andrew_g11	durito	1	Project Manager
andrew_golovnia	ichat	0	Developer
andrew_golovnia	biew	0	Developer
andrew_h	tecl	1	No specific role
andrew_hill	max	1	Developer
andrew_hoadley	jetresourceutil	1	All-Hands Person
andrew_ivanov	ffdshow	0	Developer
andrew_jacobs	fpml-toolkit	1	Project Manager
andrew_janke	pvconv	1	No specific role
andrew_j_donald	pittwater	1	No specific role
andrew_j_w	babble	0	Developer
andrew_j_w	xga	1	No specific role
andrew_k	rupostagger	1	No specific role
andrew_k	synarcher	1	No specific role
andrew_klopper	gpsproxy	1	No specific role
andrew_ladutsko	husky	0	No specific role
andrew_nelson	motofit	1	No specific role
andrew_newton	freebased	1	Developer
andrew_one	chessgc	0	Developer
andrew_peterson	maccvspro	0	No specific role
andrew_rav	u-p2p	1	Developer
andrew_rogers	xc3sprog	1	Developer
andrew_ser	digi	1	No specific role
andrew_shearer	shearersite	1	Developer
andrew_sk	openlibraries	0	Developer
andrew_sk	jahshaka	0	Developer
andrew_solomon	javamath	1	No specific role
andrew_solomon	omlib	0	No specific role
andrew_stephan	sapid	0	Developer
andrew_stephan	sapidcmf	0	Developer
andrew_stone	electricsheep	0	Developer
andrew_tg	tetrism	1	No specific role
andrew_theurer	lse	0	Developer
andrew_trujillo	javaxmltree	1	No specific role
andrew_turner	eric	1	No specific role
andrew_uzilov	dart	0	Developer
andrew_uzilov	gmod	0	Developer
andrew_vx	va-components	1	No specific role
andrew_wallace	casanova	0	Developer
andrex42	vsledit	0	Developer
andrey-m	ascpalm	1	No specific role
andrey-ovcharov	rss-everywhere	1	No specific role
andrey-ovcharov	qutejongg3d	1	Developer
andrey-z	ipw-client-soft	1	Developer
andrey0k	macxfuncgen	1	No specific role
andreybehrens	facturalux	0	Developer
andreychek	openthought	1	Project Manager
andreyd22	perlxforge	0	Developer
andreyik	sqlxml	1	No specific role
andreykireev	chdd	0	Web Designer
andreymirzoyan	xaosos	1	No specific role
andreymirzoyan	libapl	1	No specific role
andreynech	gems	1	Project Manager
andreyp	dynxform	1	No specific role
andreysimonenko	ipa-system	1	No specific role
andreysoares	geovistastudio	0	Developer
andreyto	wgs-assembler	0	No specific role
andreyvesc	gulus	0	All-Hands Person
andreyvk	fmj	0	Web Designer
andreyvolkov	wdtl	1	Project Manager
andreyyudin	starid	0	Developer
andreyz	coresetpack	1	Developer
andreyzw	palmstlxml	1	No specific role
andrey_andreev	jforest	1	No specific role
andrey_hey	spacesim	1	Developer
andrey_kiselev	openev	0	Developer
andrey_kiselev	vim-russian	1	No specific role
andrey_koshelev	jua	1	No specific role
andrey_koshelev	wxvisuallua	1	No specific role
andrey_kruglyak	syncsim	1	Developer
andrey_legranes	legranes	0	Developer
andrey_shafirin	gate	0	Developer
andrezadl	agenda-livre	1	Developer
andrezorzo	metastoragetool	1	No specific role
andrezorzo	cyclos	1	Project Manager
andrezorzo	phpgladetool	1	No specific role
andrez_pl	apii-ugen	0	Developer
andrez_pl	easypascal	0	Developer
andre_ae	fnordos	0	Developer
andre_ae	manualphp	0	No specific role
andre_bln	moodle	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
andre_bonhote	mailtomutt	1	No specific role
andre_coh	phpstat	1	All-Hands Person
andre_gusev	plainxml	1	No specific role
andre_gusev	jsontools	0	Project Manager
andre_henning	hertzconquest	0	No specific role
andre_hoekzema	webserviceedu	1	Developer
andre_mello	jversion	1	No specific role
andre_nho	stickwiki	1	No specific role
andre_nho	simach	1	No specific role
andre_nho	libemu	1	No specific role
andre_nho	tline	1	No specific role
andre_nho	bibliomori	1	No specific role
andre_nho	fcca	1	No specific role
andre_o	eclipse-jaas	0	Developer
andre_r	openanno	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
andre_raue	flexiblegrid	1	No specific role
andre_renaud	maxview	1	Developer
andre_savini	helpdesk1	0	No specific role
andre_schenk	j-man	1	No specific role
andre_schenk	jdivelog	0	Developer
andre_schulz	coatie3d	0	Developer
andre_terra	pmmunb	1	Project Manager
andre_viali	helpdesk1	1	No specific role
andrhll	openweblog	1	No specific role
andrho	zk1	0	Developer
andrho	zkforge	0	Developer
andrian	zurlman	0	Analysis / Design
andrianschott	bandwidthabuser	0	Developer
andriess	programanalysis	0	No specific role
andriess	jgoose	1	Project Manager
andriess	modda	1	No specific role
andrigo	wlan-gateway	0	Developer
andrijmalah	whazaa	0	Developer
andriod	erfurtwiki	1	Developer
andrise	westernizer	1	No specific role
andriusn	phpmvcadmin	1	No specific role
andriv	keepass	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
andriy	spotsecng	0	All-Hands Person
andriygula	ohaha	0	No specific role
andriy_gerasika	aide4delphi	1	All-Hands Person
andriy_tylychko	open-3g-324m	1	No specific role
andrjohn	ztm	0	Developer
andrmuel	ce-usb-kit	0	Developer
andro-bg	moodle	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
androcles	thortrix	1	No specific role
androctonus	roboheaven	1	No specific role
android	firebird	0	Developer
android	natlink	0	Developer
androidandy	u6archon	0	Developer
androm	mat	0	No specific role
andromda-build	andromda	0	No specific role
andromeda__	erocket	1	No specific role
andromedeircd	andromedeircd	1	No specific role
andropov	cs-cd	0	Developer
andros11	krc	1	No specific role
androsyn	libevent	0	Developer
androto	grouptime	0	Developer
androto	cquicktemplate	1	No specific role
andrrutza	atevents	0	Developer
andru	papyrusreport	1	No specific role
andru	bond	1	No specific role
andruha	fireflare	0	Developer
andruil	xine	0	Developer
andrunko	farsight	0	Developer
andrunko	sipd	1	Project Manager
andrunko	tapioca-voip	1	Project Manager
andrunko	libdmapsharing	1	Project Manager
andrunko	landell	0	Developer
andrus2006	mozilla-be	0	Developer
andrvel	emergencycd	1	All-Hands Person
andryets	senanta	1	No specific role
andrzejdmoch	officexsl	1	No specific role
andrzejzaliwski	vrea	1	No specific role
andrzej_r	rucpyc20	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
andr_lukyanov	husky	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
ands	mixnet	1	Project Manager
andsi86	lostsignal	1	Developer
andsj	cimd2-jdevkit	1	No specific role
andsmi	gnufly	1	No specific role
andsoon	hgregexp	1	Developer
andsv	picoxml	1	Developer
andtyr	sharpster	0	Developer
andu77	netmanageutils	0	Developer
andu77	myserver	0	Developer
andub	simpytools	0	No specific role
andulka	imagelighter	1	No specific role
andulqa	hadik	1	No specific role
anduras	surfprotect	1	No specific role
anduz	otomigenx	1	No specific role
andv	xmodel	1	No specific role
andva	xparalleltests	0	Developer
andwu	blackboard	0	DBA (Database Administrator)
andy-b	charabanc	1	No specific role
andy-b	rindle	1	No specific role
andy-c	jtrix	1	All-Hands Person
andy-edmonds	dbestudio	1	Developer
andy-edmonds	swallow	0	Developer
andy-edmonds	soapod	1	All-Hands Person
andy-stock	geofuchs	0	Developer
andy-susanto	septerra	0	Developer
andy-susanto	playbilling	0	Developer
andy-whiteman	andyspalm	1	Developer
andy-will	bennet	1	Developer
andy1704	hinetportalcms	1	No specific role
andy2002	bluemoon-ircd	1	Project Manager
andy2002	ageofreedom	0	Developer
andy2002	sex-game	1	Project Manager
andy2002	sbm-ircd	1	Developer
andy204	ispman-ng	1	No specific role
andy2222	ffdshow	0	Developer
andy2etches	yaimp	1	Developer
andy2etches	seacms	1	Developer
andy47	pythoncard	1	Developer
andy47	gadfly	0	Developer
andy47	halfcooked	1	No specific role
andy72	maclook	1	No specific role
andy753421	tweakblog	1	No specific role
andy777	meshbox	0	Developer
andy80	gjpp	1	No specific role
andy80	smartfan	1	No specific role
andy80	lara	1	No specific role
andya	simpleproxy	0	No specific role
andya	icqmail	0	No specific role
andya	icmpmonitor	0	No specific role
andyandrea	freelearn	1	No specific role
andyashton	opensitesearch	0	No specific role
andyaspellclark	mileagecalc	1	No specific role
andybarker	comm-kit	1	No specific role
andybauer	chaosrts	1	Developer
andybauer	devmaster	1	Unix Admin
andybauer	stein	1	No specific role
andybebad	gtowndwars	1	No specific role
andybebad	gnuepro	1	Developer
andyberdan	ldj	1	Project Manager
andybianchi	legousb	1	Developer
andybrock	camranbss	1	No specific role
andybrock	ferdoa	1	No specific role
andybuckley	feynml	1	No specific role
andyc	mote	0	Developer
andyc2	zimbra-xtras	1	Developer
andycanfield	firebird	0	No specific role
andycap	chastity	1	Analysis / Design
andycaz	admixor	0	Web Designer
andychang	scns	1	No specific role
andychang	rioserver	1	Project Manager
andychilton	pollpod	1	No specific role
andychilton	data-pluginfile	1	No specific role
andychou123	ferret	0	Analysis / Design
andycolson	synedit	0	No specific role
andycolson	j2k	0	Web Designer
andycolson	wide	0	Web Designer
andycornell	bagz	1	No specific role
andycornell	visgame	0	Web Designer
andycr512	realityfactory2	1	No specific role
andycwk	aspfitnesse	1	Project Manager
andyd	perldb	1	No specific role
andyd	perldbadmin	1	No specific role
andyd100	splines	1	No specific role
andydam	newtonmyos	1	No specific role
andydav	stainmonitor	1	No specific role
andydav	loadinfo	1	No specific role
andydav	andypic	1	No specific role
andydav	cdj	1	No specific role
andydav	conchecklist	1	No specific role
andydea	phpsane	0	Developer
andydent	open-powerplant	0	No specific role
andydmsf	labviewscc	1	No specific role
andydon	enroninterface	0	No specific role
andydr	ftraq	1	Developer
andydreisch	sugarcrm	1	Project Manager
andydude	crystal	0	Developer
andyd_	squishdot	0	Developer
andyd_	collective	0	Developer
andyd_	zfc	1	Project Manager
andyed	lucidity	1	No specific role
andyetitmoves	enlightenment	0	Developer
andyf421	ejindex	1	No specific role
andyfai	bookingdesigne	1	No specific role
andyferris	xmds	0	No specific role
andyferris	rtrelativity	0	No specific role
andyfinnerbrat	segntagarabic	1	No specific role
andyfitch	movierental	0	Developer
andyfitz	inkscape	0	Graphic/Other Designer
andyfleet	boiler-plate	0	Developer
andyfraser35	salamis	1	No specific role
andyfriar	postracker	1	Project Manager
andygajetzki	phirosslinux	1	No specific role
andygajetzki	tabopolisapi	1	No specific role
andyglick	agilewiki	0	Developer
andyglow	binxml	1	No specific role
andyglow	swt-datepicker	1	No specific role
andygoth	install-log	1	No specific role
andygoth	o3engine	1	No specific role
andygryc	autorealm	1	Developer
andygui	logmilter	1	No specific role
andyhall	asset-eyes	1	No specific role
andyharrison	openlabel	1	All-Hands Person
andyhg	orbas	0	Analysis / Design
andyhg	jfox	0	No specific role
andyhird	belts	0	Developer
andyhot	tacos	1	Developer
andyhot	tapfx	1	Developer
andyhua12	shellweb	0	No specific role
andyhubmatrix	ubmatrix-xbrl	1	Developer
andyhull	open-audit	0	Developer
andyjeffries	scintilla	0	No specific role
andyjeffries	gphpedit	1	No specific role
andyjump	spikenet	1	Developer
andyjump	minst	1	Developer
andyk	jato	1	No specific role
andyk654	eaps	1	No specific role
andykamaev	gisar	0	Graphic/Other Designer
andykon	wiz	1	No specific role
andykorth	xptracker	1	No specific role
andykorth	eternalrealms	1	No specific role
andykrantz	chipmark	0	Developer
andyks	wseextransports	1	No specific role
andyks	smartgrid-net	1	Project Manager
andykt	golly	1	Developer
andykuan	folders	1	No specific role
andykung	papier-mache	0	No specific role
andyl56	systemalert	1	No specific role
andylegear	recon-calc	1	No specific role
andylehane	joda	0	Developer
andyluo	xmallcharter	1	No specific role
andymalakov	xmlmatcher	1	No specific role
andyman232323	tash	1	No specific role
andyman99	xmlpanel	1	No specific role
andymancooper	andyadmin	1	Project Manager
andymania	sipsec	1	Developer
andymannftw	silentshade	0	Graphic/Other Designer
andymarek	weblayout	1	All-Hands Person
andymatsubara	nucleusplugs	0	Developer
andymatsubara	nucleuscms	0	Developer
andymccann	dsdevguild	0	No specific role
andymeredith	nahe	1	No specific role
andymilne	quickman	0	Developer
andymort	f4dr	1	No specific role
andymort	birthday	1	No specific role
andymp	jlocator	1	No specific role
andymumby	lightbikes3d	0	Graphic/Other Designer
andyne	fflthunder	1	Developer
andynietum	cazon	1	Developer
andynxn	pastepro	0	Developer
andyoflinux	googlesvcs	0	Developer
andyoflinux	phpwebsite-comm	0	Developer
andyoxfeld	sgnetd	1	Project Manager
andyp	glaxium	1	No specific role
andyp	gnomesword	0	All-Hands Person
andyp	openut	1	No specific role
andyp	doomlegacy	1	Developer
andyp	leafwa	1	Project Manager
andyp	anjuta	0	Developer
andyp99	lsb	0	Developer
andypa	pctchat	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
andypardue	concurrentquery	1	No specific role
andypiper	springframework	0	Developer
andypl	bombman	1	No specific role
andyplekhanov	linoccult	1	No specific role
andypoo	andychat	1	No specific role
andypoole	homeweaver	1	No specific role
andypoole	netsurf	0	Graphic/Other Designer
andypro1	nick	1	DBA (Database Administrator)
andypro1	ycf	0	Web Designer
andyqua	shuffleboard	1	No specific role
andyqwerty	condiskcat	1	No specific role
andyr007	xsns	1	No specific role
andyr007	spamassassin-nt	1	No specific role
andyredhead	moksha	1	All-Hands Person
andyrewww	snoballz	1	Project Manager
andyrice	dangerdeep	0	Developer
andyrossmeissl	swampp	1	No specific role
andyrozman	ggc	0	Developer
andyrozman	atech-tools	1	No specific role
andyrozman	jburnit	1	No specific role
andyrtr	rtuner	1	No specific role
andys6276	reoback	0	All-Hands Person
andysal	vab	1	No specific role
andysal	nsk	1	Developer
andysan	openir	1	Project Manager
andysan	phli	1	No specific role
andyscherzinger	lagoony	1	Developer
andyschm	osw	0	Developer
andyschmitz	stackful	1	No specific role
andyshop	qwikiwiki	0	Developer
andysidwell	rempire	0	Developer
andysidwell	hausima	1	Project Manager
andyson	qhexedit	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
andysoup	palm-car-race	1	No specific role
andysteele	udpp2p	0	Developer
andystephens	sisyphuspf	0	Developer
andystewart	gimp-print	0	Doc Writer
andystratton	phpwildfire	0	Developer
andystreich	jedit	0	No specific role
andystreich	xilize	1	No specific role
andystricker	sipsec	1	No specific role
andyszy	storybook	0	No specific role
andyszy	iros	1	Developer
andyt	mapkenzie	1	Developer
andyt	tunebounce	1	Doc Writer
andyt	geotools	0	No specific role
andytheb	jequation	1	No specific role
andytheweirdo	gfeeder	1	No specific role
andytheweirdo	amreservit	1	No specific role
andytheweirdo	ambookworm	1	No specific role
andytilia	stepcalc	0	Developer
andytr	jinxbot	1	Developer
andytuba	comicmarks	1	No specific role
andyuehara	aslla	1	No specific role
andyv	g95	1	No specific role
andyvanward	nounit	0	No specific role
andyvec	apgames	1	Project Manager
andyw96	pydb2admin	1	No specific role
andyw96	c-swt	1	Project Manager
andywaite	props	0	No specific role
andywhitmore	openfx	1	Developer
andywoodruff	slugdiplomacy	1	No specific role
andywu22	blackbadger	1	Project Manager
andyxem	sqled	1	No specific role
andyxem	parse2database	0	Developer
andyxem	voifax	1	Developer
andyxiao	parasol	0	Developer
andyx_x	ggadu	0	Developer
andyz	uqm-rus	0	Developer
andyze	sharpe	0	Developer
andyze	celengine	1	Project Manager
andyze	mirccrypt	1	No specific role
andy_a	imidiacy	1	No specific role
andy_at_sf	ajaxmdb	1	Developer
andy_bacon	bugrdspace	1	Graphic/Other Designer
andy_britz	xorro	0	Developer
andy_carmony	modamp	1	No specific role
andy_cat	active	1	Developer
andy_cheadle	eclipse-clp	1	All-Hands Person
andy_elvey	spirit	0	Developer
andy_elvey	freebell	0	Developer
andy_eremin	eclipse-clp	0	No specific role
andy_foster	ask	1	Developer
andy_foster	mdcog	1	Developer
andy_frank	openfuxml	0	Developer
andy_frank	osinas-sync	0	No specific role
andy_frohwerk	javasteps	0	Developer
andy_geek	insecurewebapp	0	All-Hands Person
andy_gotz	oncrpc-windows	1	No specific role
andy_gotz	fable	1	No specific role
andy_gotz	gumtree	0	Developer
andy_gotz	tango-cs	1	Developer
andy_gotz	tango-ds	1	Developer
andy_gotz	taco	1	No specific role
andy_h	p2pstore	1	No specific role
andy_h	gridplan	1	Project Manager
andy_h	gridsim	1	No specific role
andy_hind	alfresco	0	Developer
andy_jefferson	jpox	1	Project Manager
andy_kai	kaiui	1	No specific role
andy_kai	kaibot	1	No specific role
andy_kai	libkaiui	0	No specific role
andy_legkiy	dbfpy	0	Developer
andy_mace_sr	ssis	1	Developer
andy_miller	python-ogre	1	Project Manager
andy_neagu	dbestudio	0	No specific role
andy_neagu	swallow	0	No specific role
andy_newton	myasterisk	1	No specific role
andy_payne	aleph	1	Developer
andy_pellew	auctiontextgen	1	Project Manager
andy_ping	happyim	0	Developer
andy_read	impfarm	1	Project Manager
andy_reek	asmplugin	1	Developer
andy_robinson	python-codecs	1	No specific role
andy_robinson	reportlab	1	No specific role
andy_robinson	pingo	0	No specific role
andy_robinson	piddle	0	No specific role
andy_roth	p20	0	No specific role
andy_rushton	stlplus	1	Project Manager
andy_schmickal	elviss	1	Developer
andy_seaborne	sparql4j	0	Developer
andy_seaborne	rdftests	1	Developer
andy_seaborne	joseki	1	No specific role
andy_seaborne	jena	1	Project Manager
andy_shev	slowo	1	No specific role
andy_shev	scmxx	0	Developer
andy_shev	gscmxx	0	Developer
andy_ss	synop-decoder	1	No specific role
andy_st	gallery	0	Developer
andy_st	gallery-contrib	1	Project Manager
andy_versal	frog-cms	1	No specific role
andy_webb	autoaccept-sink	1	No specific role
andy_wolfe	pso	0	Developer
andy_wos	waitseewow	1	Project Manager
andy_wos	xharbour	0	No specific role
andzw	neurogrid	0	Developer
and_devo_9	softogl	0	No specific role
anebg	winks	1	No specific role
anebg	anebg	1	No specific role
anedelcoux	infusionproject	1	Developer
aneel	jtitan	1	No specific role
anees042	epmedia	0	Developer
anees042	geniejython	1	No specific role
aneeshav	cil-imaging	1	No specific role
aneesh_joy	pirx	0	Developer
anees_sh	gtos	0	Developer
anegrin	efhnbm	1	No specific role
aneirindemian	openfmm	1	Developer
aneisen	mvpos	0	Developer
anelh	openmosixsim	1	No specific role
anelh	sservis	1	Developer
anemalab	ganesha	1	No specific role
anemaroot	ganesha	1	Project Manager
anemasys	anemasys	1	Developer
anenga	tikiwiki	0	Developer
anephenix	exuron	1	No specific role
aner	gibbon	0	Developer
aneslihovac	nbosd	1	Project Manager
anetakos	interpret-cpp	1	No specific role
anetazbiejczyk	forpascal	0	Developer
anettegj	dreamriver	1	Developer
aneu2345	dcm4che	0	Developer
aneuendorf	flexstor	0	Developer
aneuhaus	tikiwiki	0	Developer
aneuhub	aneuhub	1	No specific role
aneurisma	shoutme	1	No specific role
aneurysm9	g15daemon	1	Developer
aneurysm9	g15tools	1	Developer
aneurysm9	concertdb	1	No specific role
anevhasymyy	dspack	0	Developer
anevilyak	bowser	0	No specific role
anevilyak	vision	1	Project Manager
anevilyak	opentracker	0	Developer
anevilyak	scintilla	0	No specific role
anevynni	ipband	1	No specific role
anewsmurf	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
anfarr	smartfrog	0	Developer
anfebafu	netgenerator	1	No specific role
anfeken	bifrostproj	1	Developer
anfern	sundowner	0	Developer
anfi	open-sendmail	1	No specific role
anfilat	spf	1	Developer
anfm	acbr	0	Developer
anfm	lula	0	Web Designer
anfortas	wix	0	Developer
ang23	tikiwiki	0	Doc Writer
angad	qdif	0	Developer
angad_singh	phpere	1	No specific role
angarato_surion	bithundler	1	No specific role
angarato_surion	frogy-base	1	No specific role
angarcia	sumus	1	No specific role
angben	opendecibels	1	No specific role
angcam764	speintranet	0	Web Designer
ange-de-platine	yugioharena	1	No specific role
ange1a	libssh2	0	No specific role
angedras	polaris4os	0	No specific role
angek	phpesp	0	Developer
angel	srej	0	Developer
angel	upictoolkit	0	No specific role
angel-rei	id-risiko	0	No specific role
angel0fdarkness	php-bg-by-td	1	No specific role
angel2953	txtbb	1	No specific role
angel2953	reicms	1	Developer
angel666	dupemusicmatch	1	No specific role
angel666	irco	0	No specific role
angel666	genre-sort	1	No specific role
angelab	wikipedia	0	Developer
angelabrett	xdaq	0	Developer
angeladp	jethro	0	No specific role
angelamuller	wonder	0	Developer
angelanavarro	curatordb	0	Developer
angelarnal	thinkcspy	0	Developer
angela_brown	jfirewallsim	0	No specific role
angelbane	acx100	1	Developer
angelblade	pgtool	1	No specific role
angelbob	phantasmal	1	Developer
angelbob	gamejammers	1	No specific role
angelcervera	afwtabletags	1	No specific role
angelcode	angelscript	1	Developer
angeldragonwake	thunderbolt-ots	0	Developer
angeldragonwake	dotatools	1	Project Manager
angeldragonwake	ro-planner	1	No specific role
angele	preatorial	1	Developer
angelespurple	wonkhex	0	Developer
angelespurple	irchex	1	No specific role
angelespurple	klj	0	Developer
angelfireas	pypentago	0	Tester
angelfly	minish	1	No specific role
angelfly	gnusplit	1	No specific role
angelhsmx	clinicware	0	Developer
angelic999	shelldotnet	1	Support Technician
angelicabtto	adaptweb	1	Project Manager
angelicak	almadraproject	0	Graphic/Other Designer
angelicavs	jshoe	0	DBA (Database Administrator)
angelica_xu	oylgarden	1	Project Manager
angelidis_janne	inusunited	0	Graphic/Other Designer
angelina	frenchadminmod	0	No specific role
angelion	armadeus	0	No specific role
angeljs	arh-gpl-auction	1	No specific role
angello	athlonmemcfg	1	No specific role
angellorebr	atom3d	0	Developer
angelluis	smhipotecas	1	No specific role
angelm1981	lifetime	0	Developer
angelman	math-game	1	Developer
angelmoratilla	erpyme	0	Developer
angelo0000	watij	1	All-Hands Person
angelo1967	keyrescf	1	No specific role
angelo921	petit-httpd	0	No specific role
angelociceri	ta-lib	0	Developer
angelociceri	fidal	0	Developer
angelocl	sntool	0	Developer
angelod	sightripple	0	No specific role
angelod	distantshadows	1	Project Manager
angelod	cool	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
angelod	velarfetch	1	No specific role
angelod	whitehat	0	Developer
angelojrp	boletoja	1	No specific role
angeloravagli	as400order	1	Project Manager
angelorosiello	arcc	1	Unix Admin
angelorosiello	rftpdpr	1	Analysis / Design
angelorosiello	rpf	1	No specific role
angelorosiello	rargus	1	Project Manager
angeloxx	juky	1	No specific role
angeloxx	wdp	1	No specific role
angeloxx	smartconnect	1	Project Manager
angelox_123	dmanx13-0	1	No specific role
angelo_bernabei	spago	0	All-Hands Person
angelpeream	anableps	1	No specific role
angelpeream	nusap	1	No specific role
angelramos	racess	1	Project Manager
angelrand	tuseke	1	No specific role
angelrat	pblang	0	Graphic/Other Designer
angelrica	diseaseontology	1	Project Manager
angels	phpgwapi	0	Developer
angelshine	despit	0	Developer
angelside	phpbbturkiye	1	Project Manager
angelside	yakushabb	1	Project Manager
angelside	canver	1	Developer
angelside	canverportal	1	No specific role
angelspike	maxdev	0	Analysis / Design
angelus001	realityundef	0	Graphic/Other Designer
angelus1383	eniac	0	Graphic/Other Designer
angelusgc	suncanary-qnx	1	All-Hands Person
angelusgn	jetvl	0	Developer
angelus_025	mps-ary	0	No specific role
angelventura	vs-chess	1	No specific role
angelwhite	osdbat	1	No specific role
angelwhite	ootts	1	No specific role
angelwhite	j2meminiapps	1	No specific role
angelwhite	pys60miniapps	1	No specific role
angelyonok	cool	0	Developer
angel_666	opengrade	1	Project Manager
angel_7th	ufoai	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
angel_alvarez	ktiny	1	No specific role
angel_angelus	tntconcept	0	Developer
angel_deepdale	spamspanker	1	No specific role
angel_il	phpnetcad	1	No specific role
angel_n_p	tdv	1	No specific role
angel_one	vima	1	No specific role
angenoir	hybirdwvd	1	Project Manager
angeppc	ppcconfdb	1	Developer
angerclown	discdeacon	1	No specific role
angererr	mailange	1	Developer
angerp67	gogestionale	1	Project Manager
angerra	wowcastparty	0	Tester
angew	startime	1	No specific role
anggie21	simia	0	No specific role
anghel	two	0	Developer
angiasaa	gnomemsg	0	No specific role
angiuoli	gemina	1	No specific role
angiuoli	sqlfairy	0	Developer
angiuoli	sybil	1	No specific role
angiuoli	manatee	1	No specific role
angiuoli	pathema	1	No specific role
angiuoli	ergatis	1	Developer
angiuoli	bsml	1	No specific role
angl	redkernel	1	Developer
angl2k	opendebug	1	No specific role
angle0	pdmbuilder	0	Developer
angledluffa	stepmania	0	Developer
angles	phpgroupware	0	Developer
angles	egroupware	0	Developer
anglete	gmap	1	No specific role
anglete	winmyth	1	No specific role
anglete	gallerylocal	1	No specific role
anglewyrm	hat-container	1	No specific role
anglewyrm	cpp2html	1	No specific role
anglis	connect	0	Developer
angman	indy4lazarus	0	Developer
angmar_br	odlogger	1	No specific role
angnut	genesis-ist	0	Developer
angoranimi	tacakiss	1	No specific role
angoranimi	openssg	1	No specific role
angory	mbrviz	1	Developer
angotull	plod-p	1	No specific role
angra	tclfr	1	No specific role
angrau	digs	1	Developer
angrave	dynaform	1	No specific role
angrave	insecurewebapp	1	Project Manager
angrave	gearbox	1	Developer
angrave	mswordfrequency	1	No specific role
angrim	sunsetter	1	No specific role
angrob	jobyx	0	Tester
angryn30n	reignofright	0	No specific role
angryn30n	lightwiki	1	No specific role
angrysnake	maverickos	1	No specific role
angryxpeh	maximus	0	Developer
angryziber	ipscan	1	All-Hands Person
angry_elf	phpmp3	1	No specific role
angskun	sce	1	Developer
angstrom	eclpce	0	Developer
anguilla	prjtool	1	No specific role
anguilla	libcommandline	1	No specific role
anguquga	scfd	1	No specific role
angus51_	openrtmud	1	No specific role
anguschan	todopad	1	No specific role
angusgb	htcheck	1	No specific role
angusgb	htdig	1	Developer
angusgb	htminer	1	No specific role
angusgb	fruibile	1	Project Manager
angusgb	wuhkag	1	No specific role
angusgb	wcalib	1	No specific role
angusgb	canzoniere	1	No specific role
angusl	pexio	1	No specific role
angusl	myfsd	1	Developer
anguslcc	unichat	1	Project Manager
anguslees	lcdp	0	Developer
angusmaccuish	hrxslt	1	No specific role
angusnt	bscwweasel	1	No specific role
angusnt	bscweasel	0	No specific role
angustia	ml20r	1	No specific role
angustia2005	supertunel	1	No specific role
anguswalker	stlouise	1	Project Manager
angusyoung-br	hydra	1	No specific role
angus_b	gonverter	1	No specific role
angus_leeming	qdvi	1	No specific role
angus_macnab	lk-mhd	1	No specific role
angus_ng	springlayout	0	Developer
angus_ng	itrack	0	No specific role
angus_ymchan	jbpropstruct	1	No specific role
angus_ymchan	jbcheckstyle	1	No specific role
angus_ymchan	elchat	1	No specific role
angus_ymchan	swrap	1	No specific role
anhanguera	xynth	1	Developer
anhdtl	mvnforum	0	Developer
anheuser	mm2d	0	Developer
anhi0008	open-ms	0	Developer
anhnt3	vus	1	No specific role
anholt	glide	0	No specific role
anholt	bzflag	0	Developer
anholt	mesa3d	0	Developer
anholt	dri	0	No specific role
anhood	spyderontheweb	1	Project Manager
anhood	epayroll	0	Developer
anhoppe	kristy	1	Project Manager
anhoppe	autarkys	1	No specific role
anhproject	ommms	0	Developer
anhquan	lrportletplugin	1	No specific role
anhtu	laminehantee	1	Project Manager
aniadarsh	mone	1	No specific role
anibalpotenza	umo	0	Developer
anibalpotenza	subnet	0	Developer
anibalvy	octavempi	1	No specific role
anicet_f	epita-scc	0	No specific role
anicoara	jprose	1	Project Manager
anidhi	hydracube	0	All-Hands Person
aniederl	yanta	1	No specific role
aniederl	sweb	0	Developer
anielsen	replex	0	Developer
anielski	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
anielson	modbus-xml	1	All-Hands Person
anieto2k	wp-themes-l10n	1	Project Manager
anifinder	benthic	1	Project Manager
anight	phpclub	0	Developer
anigol	commerceforce	1	Developer
anijap	u-p2p	0	Developer
anijusia	geotraxtion	0	No specific role
aniketbhatt	jedimath	0	No specific role
aniketnaik	sesc	0	Developer
aniketvu	lportal	0	Developer
aniket_spce	periodictables	0	Developer
anikin	gimp-print	0	No specific role
anikoleit	pasamuf	0	Developer
anil82	wibut	1	No specific role
anil82	rimggen	1	No specific role
anildotnet	tpad	1	No specific role
anilerukala	naturecalls	0	Developer
anilgulecha	fsdx	1	No specific role
aniljc	insectj	1	Developer
anilnitte	microburn	1	Unix Admin
anilnitte	shabdshilpa	1	Unix Admin
anilpal	net-core	1	Developer
anilpatel25	batchide	0	Developer
anilramn	gsbsolution	1	Developer
anilramn	burrokeet	1	No specific role
anilsaharan	cunit	1	Project Manager
anilsarma	web-image-dwld	1	No specific role
anilsk	infiniband	0	Developer
anil_iiitm	digitalcampus	1	No specific role
anil_mamede	zasuke	0	Developer
anil_mamede	whcontrolpanel	0	Developer
anil_mamede	time-table	0	Developer
anima82	dynopoly	0	Developer
animachine	phpinputfilter	1	No specific role
animag	gerpdb	0	DBA (Database Administrator)
animalf	watinet	1	No specific role
animalf	yawps	1	Developer
animaonline	ard	1	No specific role
animarathe	ltp	0	Developer
animatedantmo	hgengine	0	Developer
animatedfish	xarchiveit	1	No specific role
animatorgeek	weirdmet	1	No specific role
anime4christ	thephpbible	0	Developer
animefrance	animsrenaming	0	Developer
animelog	animelog	1	No specific role
animgirl	phpoto	0	Web Designer
animosity	jimage-mosaic	1	Project Manager
animvz	jel-set-2005	1	No specific role
anind	pdtk	1	Developer
anind	confab	1	All-Hands Person
anind	contexttoolkit	1	No specific role
anind	contributary	1	Developer
anind	transcate	1	Developer
anind	tinylocation	0	Developer
anind	tinyos	0	Developer
anindya	fcomp	0	No specific role
anindyaa	humancal	1	No specific role
anindyaa	netgaming	1	No specific role
anindyaa	bhdlsim	1	No specific role
anindyabiswas	guildbuild	1	No specific role
anion	sfportal	1	Project Manager
anipirakis	aisa	0	No specific role
anipirakis	onlinecinema	0	DBA (Database Administrator)
anir	banglalinux	1	All-Hands Person
aniram4367	multignometerm	0	Web Designer
aniramaccount	mobile-game-is	0	Developer
anirban_c8	hk-classes	0	Developer
anirban_c8	gmonopoly	0	Developer
anirban_c8	wiki-map	0	All-Hands Person
anirban_c8	xiest	1	No specific role
anirban_c8	warboard	1	No specific role
anirban_c8	kripper	1	No specific role
anirban_c8	jabbin	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
anirban_s	advancedos	1	Project Manager
aniruddhanakwa	naiantispyware	0	No specific role
anirudhmodi	posse	1	No specific role
anirudhvr	nettools	1	No specific role
anis79	openboox	1	No specific role
anishant	ashnix	1	Project Manager
anishjohn	kids	0	Developer
anishmal	geckoe	1	No specific role
anishmal	pfaat	0	Developer
anish_developer	phr	0	Developer
anisotropy9	ilisp	0	Developer
anisplan	pythianproject	0	No specific role
anisri	rashwire	1	No specific role
anisri	karishma	1	No specific role
anisri	netdump	0	Developer
anisri	ebml	0	Developer
anisri	crypt	1	No specific role
anisri	trumpet	1	No specific role
anis_zouaoui	ldapeditor	1	No specific role
anis_zouaoui	jcab-admin	1	No specific role
anitags	mobile-game-is	0	Developer
anitakumari	diags	0	No specific role
anitaradio	anitacode	0	No specific role
anitaradio	anita-lite	0	No specific role
anitav	robocup-msl	1	Developer
anita_maas	sserver	0	Developer
anitha20904	datahaul	0	All-Hands Person
anithian	eclipsessgen	1	No specific role
anithian	takocompiler	0	Developer
anitkryst	undeadirc	1	No specific role
anit_agarwal	kysql	0	Developer
anivar	akshara	1	No specific role
aniviza	xi3d	1	No specific role
anizor	opa	1	Developer
anizor	opa-java-omoli	1	No specific role
ani_myworld	nram	1	No specific role
anj00	uofiindirect	0	Developer
anjahauth	javaquantity	1	Developer
anjaleef	myawis-php5	1	No specific role
anjalivarma	palmlibhttp	0	Developer
anjalivarma	aqmicrokernel	1	Developer
anjanesh	hen	0	Developer
anjas	neurostim	0	Developer
anjb	starccm	1	Developer
anjel	circe	1	No specific role
anjo	woproject	0	Developer
anjo	wonder	1	No specific role
anjo	wosupport	1	Project Manager
anjori	pyalarm	0	No specific role
anjounon	hgengine	0	No specific role
anjuhal	abw	0	Doc Writer
anjumali	synccombo	1	No specific role
anjumbutt	vconference	1	No specific role
anjusrinivasan	pylot	0	No specific role
anju_kaul	parc	0	Developer
ank-99	triton-monitor	1	No specific role
anka7	samooha	0	Doc Writer
ankan	squicki	1	No specific role
ankanet	vasclient	1	No specific role
ankar71	ywin-extralib	1	Developer
ankdadoo	racemanager	0	Developer
ankh	hololog	1	No specific role
ankhbayar	mttt	0	Developer
ankhbayar	montrans	1	Project Manager
ankhbayar	ankhaatk	1	No specific role
ankhcraft	zlib-palmos	1	All-Hands Person
ankhcraft	rabl	1	No specific role
ankhcraft	vim4j	1	No specific role
ankhcraft	thinhttp	1	No specific role
ankhcraft	doxyproxy	1	No specific role
ankhcraft	doxymentor	1	No specific role
ankhcraft	doxymake	1	No specific role
ankit666	os-td-shooter	1	No specific role
ankitaneja	eftidycom	0	Developer
ankitbal	syncshare	0	Support Manager
ankitg	yapp	1	Project Manager
ankitg	estorebuilder	1	No specific role
ankitkurani	testx	1	Developer
ankitnagpal	steppermotor	1	No specific role
ankit_iiit	codecraft	1	Developer
ankit_patel	indianoss	1	Project Manager
ankiwall	ankiwall	1	No specific role
ankn999	dixie	0	Developer
ankom	ssrtech	1	Developer
anko_beijleveld	cp4df	0	Tester
anksphenomenon	vra	1	No specific role
ankukreja	care2002	0	Developer
ankurgupta	folly	1	No specific role
ankurmaheshwari	miset	0	No specific role
ankurpatel	cwruser	0	Tester
ankurpatel78	chiphpug	0	No specific role
ankurpshah	slicklinux	0	No specific role
ankurpshah	vgames	0	No specific role
ankurs47	asudoku	1	Developer
ankur_iitr	internet-radio	1	No specific role
ankusaxe2	opensmsc	1	Support Manager
ankushb	netnice	0	Developer
ankush_chugh	xtendedxsd	0	Developer
anlal	dsentity	1	No specific role
anlan	nlpfarm	0	Developer
anlater	billbook	1	No specific role
anle0007	studianalyse	0	Developer
anlei	edt	1	Developer
anlei	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
anlei	raboof	1	All-Hands Person
anlei	ewg	1	No specific role
anlei	exml	1	No specific role
anlongsun	handtopen	1	Project Manager
anlugifa	highlighter	1	No specific role
anmar	nplot	1	Project Manager
anmar	ctnhashproc	1	Project Manager
anmar	sharpwebmail	1	Project Manager
anmaro	arabeyes	0	Developer
anmaro	morphix	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
anmx	jsrinko	1	Unix Admin
anna-triii	jdistribution	0	Developer
anna72	randonneur	1	Developer
anna72	phpmyticket	1	Developer
anna7sept	csql	0	Developer
annac	yarp0	0	No specific role
annadalr	poesia	0	Tester
annahogberg	infoglue	0	Developer
annaick	javafit	0	No specific role
annajilly	hpntpos	1	No specific role
annakov	laos	0	No specific role
annalog	russischtrainer	1	Project Manager
annalu	soapical	0	Developer
annam0	rkive	1	Project Manager
annanys	xdl	0	Developer
annapavt	jpacman3d	1	Developer
annapavt	vsyn	1	No specific role
annape	samo	1	No specific role
annapoornatg	php-tool	0	Developer
annaschubach	boardgameonline	0	No specific role
annasoininen	moodle-kb	0	Developer
annauzi	htmlcsseditor	1	Project Manager
annauzi	jibte	1	Project Manager
annauzi	jedit	0	Developer
annawilson	numberrace	1	No specific role
anna_levi	cybercore	0	Developer
anna_veneti	msc-blue	0	Developer
annb	sql2java	0	Developer
anncatherine	folkmind	0	Developer
anncatherine	visualnant	1	No specific role
anncatherine	cil-parser	0	Developer
anncatherine	aspect-net	0	No specific role
anne-laure	madoc	0	Developer
anne-marie	opelix	1	Project Manager
anne-marie1	upcase-project	0	Requirements Engineering
anne333	salesmanager	1	No specific role
annebicque	gmail-mobile	0	No specific role
anneck	jcast	1	Project Manager
anneck	europa	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
annek	gtdb	0	Developer
annekekleppe	octopus	1	Developer
annelih	pythonmetric	1	Developer
anneline	bika	1	No specific role
annep	halx	1	No specific role
annerose	odf-converter	0	Tester
annesambenny	dirchecker	1	No specific role
annetteg2	wintra	1	Developer
anneumann	gps2photo	1	Developer
annexoid	xlate-mrtg	1	No specific role
annford	cslib	0	No specific role
annford	maildomination	0	Developer
anniema	openlogistics	1	Project Manager
annie_zhou91	oscarmcmaster	0	Developer
annika-a	fairdj	1	Project Manager
annikl	evolve-facilis	1	No specific role
annirak	syneu	1	No specific role
anniyka	sadtec	1	No specific role
anniyka	himowe	1	Project Manager
anni_o	stochsim	0	Developer
annlewis	carbonado	0	Developer
annma	kgameoflife	1	No specific role
annma	gulse	1	Support Manager
annmeads	dexlib	0	Developer
annnil	smd116	0	No specific role
anno-domini	sakala	1	Developer
anno27	zencart-dutch	1	No specific role
annod04	myicq-free	0	Developer
annonygmouse	xawdecode	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
announ	emulespana-mod	1	No specific role
annoying	cardalog	1	No specific role
annrichmond	salesportal	1	Developer
anns	cppreter	1	Project Manager
anns	manrout	1	No specific role
annset	storystream	0	Tester
annsod	armor	0	No specific role
annsod	aspect	0	Web Designer
annuairewifi	annuairewifi	1	No specific role
annukaki	athenaforums	1	No specific role
ann_b15	gtdb	0	Developer
ano4	anomalie4	1	No specific role
anoack	studip	0	Developer
anocweb	vbdvd	1	Developer
anoda	raiz	1	No specific role
anodari	calabi	1	No specific role
anodos	concern	0	Developer
anodos	spring-rich-c	0	Developer
anoebis	javasim	0	No specific role
anog	popchecker	1	No specific role
anog	sige	1	No specific role
anog	cuteserver	1	Developer
anokha	anokha-fw	1	Project Manager
anoko	toesonline	1	Project Manager
anokun7	lanox	1	Developer
anok_	mmclib	1	Developer
anol	estudy	0	Developer
anolson	ocra-xml	1	No specific role
anomalye	anomalywiki	1	No specific role
anomarme	openser	1	No specific role
anomie	wmpasman	1	No specific role
anomie	wmweatherplus	1	No specific role
anoncoder	ediameter	0	Developer
anonimato	operabd	0	Developer
anonimo	mawa	0	Distributor/Promoter
anonimoanemico	bananasplitter	1	No specific role
anonpoet	baitnswitch	1	Developer
anonpoet	hogwash	1	Project Manager
anontwentyseven	oekakios	1	Project Manager
anonyman	mywebsite	1	No specific role
anonymou	osd-target	1	No specific role
anonymous	mtflashwiz	0	No specific role
anonymous	jptools	0	No specific role
anonymous	ext2fsd	0	Developer
anonymous	s2ilib	0	Tester
anonymous	pfaat	0	Developer
anonymous	proctesttools	0	Tester
anonymous500r	phpechocms	0	Graphic/Other Designer
anonymouse	firebird	0	No specific role
anonymouse512	disclinks	1	Developer
anonymousjedi	phpmydownloads	0	Developer
anonymously	pxe-busy	1	No specific role
anoopengineer	workaholic	1	No specific role
anoopkumar	ipmgmt	1	Project Manager
anoopm	entitystudio	1	No specific role
anoopm	brainnet	1	No specific role
anoopm	smarteditorpro	1	No specific role
anoopsuryan	magikfs	0	Developer
anoop_clt	pojo-past	0	No specific role
anoop_r	sallapam	1	No specific role
anope	tikiwiki	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
anor80	portedmods	1	No specific role
anorakgirl	meddix	1	All-Hands Person
anorakgirl	cyswllt	1	Project Manager
anoripi	milkbox	1	Developer
anortrup	gradewatch	1	No specific role
anosch	c-interpreter	1	No specific role
anoshs	apod	1	No specific role
anotbc	a-not-bc	1	No specific role
anothergeek	glis	1	All-Hands Person
anotherguest	opl-dev	0	Developer
anotherguest	scummvm	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
anotherjesse	tuxtype	1	Project Manager
anotherlango	cre-osc-loaded	1	No specific role
anotherlin	glutes	0	Developer
anothermwilson	antinstaller	0	Developer
anotherreason	organizer	1	No specific role
anothersledhead	glassmanager	1	No specific role
another_one	cleardock	1	No specific role
anouaros	e107arabic	1	Developer
anoushpc	pyhotel	1	No specific role
anou_mana	metamorphosis	0	Developer
anou_mana	juddi	0	Developer
anou_mana	krysalis	0	Developer
anowak01	ooosm	1	Project Manager
anowrexiya	unreallcc	1	Developer
anoxemian	accttrsh	1	No specific role
anoyomouse	pestats	1	No specific role
anpinger	anpinger	1	No specific role
anpiue	pvirthostas	0	No specific role
anpohl	ws4d-javame	1	No specific role
anpwang	socialbase	1	No specific role
anqu	qbtex	1	Project Manager
anrael	outlook-synchro	1	Project Manager
anrao	rtspspec	1	Doc Writer
anray	rusfidogate	1	All-Hands Person
anray	binkforce	0	No specific role
anray	itraxpl	1	No specific role
anrg	evros	0	Developer
anrieff1	fract	1	No specific role
anrieff1	aggen	1	Project Manager
anrkey	texi	1	No specific role
anrneto	squidrh	1	Project Manager
anrneto	cannot	1	Project Manager
anrodez	scattercom	0	Developer
ansa70	partecipa-net	1	Developer
ansa70	unox1	1	Developer
ansanche	vstoolbox	0	Developer
ansani	fnrep	1	No specific role
ansanto	v-share	1	Project Manager
ansantos	wavesim	1	No specific role
ansari82	jnode	0	Developer
ansch	syspect	0	Developer
anschi	yalc	1	No specific role
anschi	bonezengine	0	Developer
anschi	miniplaner	1	No specific role
anschi	lierosp	0	Developer
anselin	opengeoda	1	No specific role
anseljh	spamscalpel	1	Developer
anseljh	pyple	1	Project Manager
ansell	openkore	0	Developer
anselld	webchess	0	Web Designer
anselm	opende	0	Developer
anselm	civicmaps	1	No specific role
anselm	csharppersist	1	No specific role
anselm	fxengine	1	No specific role
anselm	appwiki	1	No specific role
anselmhelbig	sbmlmerge	1	Developer
anselmus	lavizto	1	No specific role
ansgar	krunseti	1	No specific role
ansgar	ultimatego	0	No specific role
ansgarbecker	heidisql	1	Project Manager
ansha	united-dreams	1	Developer
anshealth	epostrx	1	No specific role
ansheple	videotag	1	Developer
anshil	pauker	1	Web Designer
anshil	arachnide	1	Project Manager
anshil	babylon	1	No specific role
anshil	dtone	1	All-Hands Person
anshkakashi	shareazax	1	No specific role
anshuiitk	wepalco	1	Unix Admin
anshulgour	aiwars-1	1	No specific role
anshuliitm	riseofbots	1	No specific role
anshulmishra	miset	0	No specific role
anshumang1	tvout	1	No specific role
anshumanmishra	tycho	1	No specific role
anshumanpurohit	eclipsecolorer	0	Developer
ansible	zulupad	0	No specific role
ansje	contentm	0	No specific role
ansoftcomputing	nwnjcontroler	0	Developer
ansonr	meshbox	0	Developer
ansonyumo	leonardologo	1	All-Hands Person
ansr-opensource	ansr	1	No specific role
anssi	x-smiles	1	No specific role
anssih	libff	1	Content Management
anssipiir	flowplayer	1	No specific role
anstice	opentibia	0	No specific role
anstice	tno	1	Developer
ansugo	makewebconfig	1	Developer
ansukla	nestedpiechart	1	No specific role
ansutton	micomt	1	Project Manager
ansuz	bits	1	No specific role
answ	stdproxy	1	No specific role
answerrox	nettiers	0	Developer
ans_ik	tnsdrive	1	Developer
ant	amanda	0	No specific role
ant-1	automne	1	Developer
ant-1	gcactus	1	No specific role
ant-1	o-2	1	No specific role
ant-roy	tea-chest	1	All-Hands Person
ant-roy	jazzy	0	No specific role
ant-roy	jedit	0	Developer
ant1	jdps	1	No specific role
ant1	isu309planner	1	Developer
ant30	azulremoto	1	No specific role
antagna	threadmgr	1	No specific role
antago	mpatrol	0	Developer
antagonistx	antagonistx	1	No specific role
antagonizt	babel-im	1	Project Manager
antagonizt	currenttrack	1	Developer
antalp	kron	0	No specific role
antarapero	jdavis	1	No specific role
antarapero	jvalidation	1	Project Manager
antarapero	filemon	1	Project Manager
antarapero	cforms	1	Project Manager
antarctis	openidm	0	Developer
antares4berlin	rendertech	1	All-Hands Person
antares77	ponf	1	No specific role
antares88	diamondcrush	0	Graphic/Other Designer
antarix	refrigeratornet	1	Developer
antasis9	mrfidois	1	Developer
antasis9	bizboxhandler	1	Project Manager
antazzo	j2k	0	Developer
antbryan	metalinks	0	Distributor/Promoter
antcasq	dynsrouter	1	Developer
antchi	atomsmasher	0	Developer
antd	itun	1	No specific role
antdengineer	sync4jevolution	1	No specific role
ante84	ninjaftp	1	No specific role
ante84	mp3addict	1	No specific role
ante84	kana	1	No specific role
ante84	kbdlogger	1	No specific role
anteboth	kwh	1	Project Manager
anteboth	xmlleague	1	Developer
anteboth	jspear	1	Project Manager
antedon	refbase	0	Doc Writer
antelero	nmwerp	0	Developer
anteman	logocular	1	No specific role
anteos	smetranslations	0	Developer
anteos	zimbra-xtras	0	Developer
anter	phpmyxml	1	No specific role
anter	phpmyxtree	1	No specific role
anter	papple	1	Developer
anterior	ktextpad	1	No specific role
anteru	aqsis	0	Developer
antevir	jnetedit	1	Developer
antfarmer	simplecache	1	No specific role
antgui	model-builder	0	Developer
anthalir	amxbot	1	No specific role
anthalir	dryon	1	No specific role
anthanos	secureadmin	1	No specific role
antharin	phileas	1	All-Hands Person
anthem	muun	1	No specific role
anthem	infinitedream	1	No specific role
anthem2005	php-blog	0	No specific role
anthemfor-182	kumbia	1	No specific role
anthemfor182	auroraf	1	No specific role
antheriel	pasta	0	No specific role
anthideus	my-rc	1	No specific role
anthm	iaxclient	0	Developer
anthm	icd	1	Developer
anthm	voxgratia	0	Developer
antho31	medorvpn	0	Developer
anthoine	coltoo	1	Developer
anthoine	galaxix	1	No specific role
anthon	aaf	0	Developer
anthonnetworks	xiawe	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
anthony-g	oscailt	0	No specific role
anthony3	magis-utilitas	1	Project Manager
anthonyassi	akwebdyn	1	No specific role
anthonyassi	remotelabs	0	Developer
anthonyassi	indexerx	1	No specific role
anthonybarboza	softpear	0	Developer
anthonybaxter	spambayes	0	Developer
anthonybaxter	shtoom	1	No specific role
anthonybaxter	snmpy	1	No specific role
anthonybaxter	mimelib	0	Developer
anthonybaxter	gadfly	0	Developer
anthonybaxter	fepy	0	No specific role
anthonybaxter	roundup	1	Developer
anthonybaxter	python	0	No specific role
anthonybaxter	pythondirector	1	No specific role
anthonybaxter	py-radius	0	No specific role
anthonybaxter	pypi	0	Developer
anthonybaxter	pydns	1	No specific role
anthonybaxter2	shtoom	0	Developer
anthonydesouza	imagen	0	Developer
anthonye	utspas	1	No specific role
anthonyemiller	geologopmod	1	No specific role
anthonyemiller	geologvsvp	1	No specific role
anthonyemiller	spgdi	1	No specific role
anthonyemiller	logcalculator	1	No specific role
anthonyemiller	las-inout-excel	1	No specific role
anthonyemiller	mechpro	1	No specific role
anthonyemiller	alchemyautotrac	1	No specific role
anthonyemiller	cygwinexcelauto	1	No specific role
anthonyemiller	wirelineresamp	1	No specific role
anthonyf	fshog	1	No specific role
anthonyforth	moodle	0	No specific role
anthonygarot	mr1	1	No specific role
anthonygarot	perltkbiff	1	No specific role
anthonygego	ogame-skins	1	No specific role
anthonyh63	pascal-webdev	1	Developer
anthonyh63	media-daemon	1	No specific role
anthonyh63	cgi-musicbox	1	Developer
anthonyhan	pkiauthority	1	No specific role
anthonyhib	hibernate	0	Developer
anthonyhilario	openartifice	1	No specific role
anthonyhk	shellweb	0	Developer
anthonylander	glorp	1	No specific role
anthonylander	pongo	1	No specific role
anthonylee	skyeye	0	Developer
anthonylewis	fits	1	No specific role
anthonyluxton	alweditor	1	No specific role
anthonym	wigwam	0	Developer
anthonymoralez	ivia	0	Developer
anthonymoralez	datafountains	0	Developer
anthonyn71	firestormos	0	Developer
anthonypallen	medj-eng	1	No specific role
anthonyrc	lecroyvicp	1	No specific role
anthonyrc	lecroyib	1	No specific role
anthonyrc	autodefrag	1	No specific role
anthonyroach	scons	1	Developer
anthonyshaw	chan-sccp-b	1	No specific role
anthonysteele	jedicodeformat	1	Project Manager
anthonyu2	domainkeys	0	Developer
anthonyw	axemill	1	No specific role
anthonyw	alink	1	No specific role
anthonyw	boost	0	Developer
anthonywrather	lineak	0	Developer
anthony_bailey	lmpc	0	No specific role
anthony_bailey	the-rabbit-run	1	No specific role
anthony_bailey	quakecapture	1	No specific role
anthony_barker	chelp	1	No specific role
anthony_j_w	mdnsmanager	1	No specific role
anthony_mallet	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
anthony_rowe	cc3	1	Developer
anthos	raptorreports	1	No specific role
anthousis	varzeneh	0	Developer
anthoz	pinet	1	No specific role
anthoz	pipc	1	No specific role
anthoz	pconsole	1	No specific role
anthq	fusionedit	0	Developer
anthrahee	xfire4php	1	Developer
anthraxtheone	mwmw	1	Graphic/Other Designer
anthrax_	jcommander	0	Developer
anthropos	minesweep3d	1	Developer
anti	hsysmon	1	No specific role
anti-materia	jumble-rc	1	No specific role
anti1869	sunhead	1	No specific role
anti66	towa	1	No specific role
antialias	texbooks	1	No specific role
antialias	mypa	1	No specific role
antialize	yawebbackup	1	Project Manager
antiantagonist	baku	0	Graphic/Other Designer
antiarc	axiomengine	0	Developer
anticlockwise	fastsdk	1	No specific role
anticybr	ecyberpunk	0	Graphic/Other Designer
antidote123	coastalwar	1	No specific role
antifishsticks	embryo	1	Project Manager
antiflash	adk	0	Web Designer
antiflash	roomrack	0	Web Designer
antifox64	chatter-box	1	No specific role
antifuchs	cclan	0	All-Hands Person
antifuchs	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
antifuchs	erc	1	Developer
antifuchs	jungerl	1	No specific role
antifuchs	weird-irc	0	Developer
antigerme	xcompiere	1	No specific role
antigrav	virtual-iolib	1	No specific role
antigremlin	dsdevguild	0	No specific role
antiguru	orx-irc	1	Project Manager
antihc3	lostrealms	0	Graphic/Other Designer
antihc3	klingo	1	No specific role
antihc3	idlewild	1	Project Manager
antihec	brix	0	No specific role
antikaon	kmyradio	1	No specific role
antiknijn	osswin	0	No specific role
antikons	mandel	1	No specific role
antikons	freemeca	1	No specific role
antikons	rbs	1	No specific role
antikons	bvhviewer	1	No specific role
antikons	bricksgame	1	No specific role
antikons	ultimatetetris	1	No specific role
antimatter	zangband	1	No specific role
antimatters	lug	1	No specific role
antimatters	serverman	1	No specific role
antimicro	zroute	1	Developer
antimirov	mailmanager	0	Developer
antimisiaris	phpgedview	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
antimith	cyberarmydirect	1	No specific role
antimith	chat-lan	0	Developer
antimony_erp	compiere	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
antineo	networkfailure	1	No specific role
antiochus25	dokeos	1	No specific role
antiochus25	dokeos-comp	1	Distributor/Promoter
antipas	d-e-b-t-s	1	No specific role
antipex	vmetro	1	No specific role
antipex	phpmycompany	1	No specific role
antipex	alphamatrix	1	No specific role
antipode	dtnas	0	Developer
antipode	nhmon	1	Project Manager
antiprobot69	roae	1	No specific role
antipych	quantumlogic	0	Developer
antirez	scutigena	1	No specific role
antirez	hping2	1	No specific role
antirez	yakuwiki	1	No specific role
antiriad	raine	1	Project Manager
antirom	myjug-project	1	Project Manager
antirush	d2gs	1	All-Hands Person
antis0c	orderlycalls	0	Developer
antis0c	jedit	0	Developer
antisocial011	pygg	1	No specific role
antisoft	antilibs	1	No specific role
antispace	vpa	0	Developer
antispamist	sbp	1	No specific role
antitachyon	sol-linux	1	No specific role
antitachyon	ngn	1	No specific role
antitrack	jolietrenamer	1	No specific role
antiwmactjb	uguru-utils	1	No specific role
antkot	mmltosvg	1	No specific role
antlai	smartfrog	0	Developer
antlaw	jetresourceutil	0	Developer
antlon78	tiny3d	1	Developer
antmaker	rcn	1	No specific role
antmas	jfl	0	Developer
antmen	nukeware	1	No specific role
antmo	utplsql	0	Developer
anto22	obliquid	0	Developer
anto28	javjabmessenger	0	Developer
antoby	irfly98	1	No specific role
antoby	programisti	1	No specific role
antoby	nppod	1	No specific role
antoby	bedic	0	No specific role
antoby	kbedic	1	Developer
antoche	orion3d	1	No specific role
antocm	dcmrelay	1	No specific role
antocmd	freeburner	0	Developer
antocuni	webformkit	1	No specific role
antocuni	pydo	1	No specific role
antoferra	fastdraw	0	Developer
antoine	rocketworkbench	1	No specific role
antoine129	comunitywebsite	1	No specific role
antoinedutot	graphstream	1	No specific role
antoinegg7	antoinegg7	1	No specific role
antoinegirbal	swingfast	1	No specific role
antoinel	gnuwin64	1	No specific role
antoinel	freetype	1	No specific role
antoinem	heavymole	1	No specific role
antoinemine	openquicktime	1	Project Manager
antoinepion	testbanksystem	1	Developer
antoines	winlog	1	Project Manager
antoinetandin	yotnl	1	No specific role
antoinethomas	opencard	0	Developer
antoineveret	jcaptcha	1	Project Manager
antoinew	axis2listupdate	1	No specific role
antoine_935	alligator-cl	1	No specific role
antoine_935	cwms	1	No specific role
antoine_935	phtp	1	No specific role
antoine_935	sx-watchdog	1	No specific role
antoine_935	celsiusws	1	No specific role
antoine_blais	dptv	0	Developer
antoine_blais	bitonio	1	No specific role
antoine_h	jbackupwithzip	1	No specific role
antoinjanssen	ntrans	1	No specific role
antolikjan	topographica	0	Developer
antomicx	aquosa	1	Developer
anton-lauridsen	yaw	1	No specific role
anton-r	gtkadi	1	Support Manager
anton-w	pure-data	0	Developer
anton984	trc2	1	No specific role
anton994	wap-engine	1	No specific role
antona	dxr3	0	No specific role
antona	linux-ntfs	1	Project Manager
antonahilltop	amizilla	0	Developer
antonb	lhcs	1	No specific role
antonb	pcmcia-cs	0	Developer
antonb	tdb	1	No specific role
antoncl	imaginaryworlds	1	No specific role
antonenright	biolayout3d	1	No specific role
antoneos	wings	0	Developer
antonfend	j2erp	1	No specific role
antonian	gtl-lib	1	No specific role
antonie_oo	antonieplayer	1	No specific role
antonie_oo	phpmyreport	1	No specific role
antonie_oo	shutdowntimer	1	No specific role
antonie_oo	mytipsdb	1	No specific role
antonio	nvrec	1	Developer
antonio001	spamfree	1	No specific role
antonio75	movix	0	Distributor/Promoter
antonio976	yabbitse20	1	Developer
antonioa	algebradb	0	Developer
antonioams	sipana	1	Project Manager
antonioanacleto	barrestpos	1	No specific role
antonioaraujob	rootve	0	Developer
antoniob	netlands	0	Developer
antoniocs	listdirectory	1	No specific role
antonioduran	sgiex	1	No specific role
antoniofcano	coccinella	0	Developer
antoniofga	eqalign	0	Developer
antoniog	openoffice-es	1	Project Manager
antoniog	druid	0	Developer
antoniogogo	projection	0	Developer
antoniogv	ircd-nw	1	Developer
antoniogv	darkcastle	1	No specific role
antoniogv	gcsa	1	No specific role
antoniok	html-parser	1	No specific role
antonioli	webtest	1	No specific role
antonioli	dragon-char	0	No specific role
antoniolinares	harbour-project	0	Developer
antoniolo	curupira	1	No specific role
antoniomarcelo	honeyperl	1	Project Manager
antoniomenezes	kevora	1	No specific role
antonioprado	cobrabanco	1	Project Manager
antonioreina	phpframework	1	No specific role
antonioriva	human-commander	1	Developer
antonioriva	pacms	1	All-Hands Person
antoniorm	dpq	1	No specific role
antoniorm	dool	1	No specific role
antoniorm	dui	1	No specific role
antoniorm	dantfw	1	No specific role
antoniorm	gtkd	1	No specific role
antoniorm	leds	1	No specific role
antoniosz	panoptis	1	Developer
antonio_bemba	aglezdb	1	Developer
antonio_br	dvx	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
antonio_cfc	tsgf	1	Project Manager
antonio_cuccu1	polaris4os	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
antonio_g_zippo	sarsa	1	No specific role
antonio_ognio	polyglota	1	Project Manager
antonio_ovejero	ixon-cms	1	No specific role
antonio_syafoek	atlantissoft	1	Project Manager
antonkh	nx-routed	0	Developer
antonleykin	macaulay2	0	No specific role
antonmx	convaudiotag	1	No specific role
antonmx	pm16c	1	No specific role
antonovich	alchemi	0	Developer
antonovn	lug-bg	0	Developer
antonp	digiquest	0	No specific role
antonpiatek	php-photoalbum	1	No specific role
antonpiatek	cajun	0	Doc Writer
antonrd	banjar	1	No specific role
antonrd	playvoip	1	No specific role
antonrd	playsms	1	No specific role
antonrd	playbilling	1	All-Hands Person
antonskrabal	venividiwiki	0	Developer
antontor	mycginuke	1	Developer
antonvn	netams	1	No specific role
antonvs	schematics	1	Project Manager
antonvs	hibernate	0	Developer
antonyburden	lau	0	No specific role
antonyfm	akshara	1	No specific role
antonyhosking	purdue-penumbra	1	Developer
antonyhosking	javabloat	1	No specific role
antonymartin	astwebpanel	1	No specific role
antonypma	reaverengine	1	No specific role
antonypranata	screenshot-sos	1	No specific role
antonyskye	guanxi	0	No specific role
antonyskye	cetis-es	0	Developer
antonyskye	bodington	0	Developer
antonyskye	siva	0	Developer
antonywilkins	eclipsecoding	1	All-Hands Person
antony_corfield	jafer	1	Developer
antony_searle	rtrelativity	1	No specific role
antony_searle	backlight	1	No specific role
antony_warner	db2db	1	No specific role
anton_arhipov	openlinked	0	Developer
anton_arhipov	genericlink	1	No specific role
anton_k	grom	0	No specific role
anton_malcovich	pengine	1	No specific role
anton_patrushev	incubator-52n	0	Developer
anton_patrushev	core-52n	0	Developer
anton_rager	ikecrack	1	No specific role
anton_rager	wepwedgie	1	No specific role
anton_rager	wepcrack	1	No specific role
anton_rager	xss-proxy	1	No specific role
anton_slutsky	jcrwebman	1	No specific role
anton_slutsky	jptapi	1	All-Hands Person
antoprovenzano	csharpcc	1	Project Manager
antoprovenzano	deveel-console	1	No specific role
antoprovenzano	deveel-ajax	1	No specific role
antoprovenzano	deveel-regex	1	No specific role
antoprovenzano	deveelreadline	1	Project Manager
antoprovenzano	minossedb	1	Project Manager
antoprovenzano	sharpweather	1	Project Manager
antoxa	phpclub	0	Developer
antoy	momentum	1	All-Hands Person
antozz	dotbase	1	No specific role
antp	pngshot	0	No specific role
antradar	arhb	1	Developer
antred	phoenixosfs	0	Developer
antrik	netrik	1	Project Manager
antrik	ggi	0	No specific role
antropical	nsmanager	1	No specific role
antrykot_koder	spyder	1	Developer
antsa	valhalla	1	No specific role
antsorin	gtklculator	1	No specific role
antti78678	fltoolbar	1	No specific role
anttih	aquamdb	1	Developer
anttinie	project4moodle	0	Developer
anttix	thinstation	0	No specific role
antti_hakala	lightuml	1	Developer
antuan	openlook	0	Developer
anturbo	mangos	0	Developer
antus666	gphoenix	0	Developer
antwonw	dvdhive	1	No specific role
antzanetti	ecosy	1	No specific role
antzi	legalcase	0	Developer
antzi	stas	1	No specific role
ant_	firefoxfah	0	Web Designer
ant_code	nemonico	1	Developer
ant_contreras	easyp2p	0	Developer
ant_dec	manmetassembly	1	Developer
anuatpug	video-gen	0	Support Manager
anub3b0p	netcraft	0	Developer
anubhav1	hypatiadb	0	Developer
anubhavvanmali	tddb	0	Developer
anubhuti	parmanvaya	1	No specific role
anubhuti	net-sam	1	No specific role
anubis	linuks	0	All-Hands Person
anubis3	gnomind	1	Project Manager
anubisx	d-ass-project	1	No specific role
anubisx	devmaster	0	Project Manager
anubit	vstockengine	1	Developer
anubssys	kup	1	Developer
anucherkuri	herderdb	1	Unix Admin
anudhyan	uranium3d	1	No specific role
anuj142003	generichddmgr	1	No specific role
anuj380	jgame-builder	0	Developer
anujgoel	eqtlexplorer	1	Developer
anujmca	gui-builder	1	No specific role
anujseth	yahoopops	1	Project Manager
anujseth	ypops	0	No specific role
anuksenamon	virquhal2	1	No specific role
anul	jaslibrary	0	No specific role
anul	mov	0	Developer
anunakin	mydisk	0	Developer
anunakin	sidocre	0	Developer
anunakin	nphite	0	Tester
anunez	grupohci	1	Project Manager
anupama_c	amoeba-debugger	1	No specific role
anupambhatt	trainsimulator	0	Developer
anupamsg	csvparser	1	No specific role
anupamsr	ms2chart	1	No specific role
anupam_vit	jukka	1	No specific role
anuprahul	toporoute	1	No specific role
anuproject	sharpgrid	1	No specific role
anuptaphobic	oceanmodelfiles	0	Developer
anup_rav	docbook	0	Developer
anuradhaw	taprobane	0	Developer
anurag2002	storex	1	Developer
anuragrs	cs6725-prover	0	Developer
anuragseetha	indlinux	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
anuragseetha	lug-bhopal	0	Developer
anuragsetia	poooms	0	Developer
anurag_agarwal	js-scan	1	No specific role
anurag_joshi	openeducate	0	No specific role
anurag_joshi	attendance	1	Project Manager
anurodhp	daapsharp	1	No specific role
anurodhp	osxnews	1	No specific role
anurodhp	outsync	1	No specific role
anuron	the-librarian	1	All-Hands Person
anury	jcatengine	1	No specific role
anusandhan	port-access	1	No specific role
anusch	vampchargen	1	All-Hands Person
anushahi	apphere	1	Developer
anushree	eroaster	0	No specific role
anushree	cspn	0	No specific role
anushree	sojourner	0	No specific role
anushree	templario	0	No specific role
anushree	sna-os	0	No specific role
anusoft	openkore	0	Developer
anuzellig	dyna-gen	1	Developer
anu_in_uk	databasebrowser	1	No specific role
anu_p21	theclass-org	0	Developer
anu_uchc	vcell	0	Developer
anveo	phoenixosfs	0	Developer
anvergara	moodle	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
anver_s	music-volga	1	No specific role
anvir	abstraction	1	No specific role
anwar	anwar	1	Project Manager
anwar-ul-haq	apostil	0	Developer
anwar786	vvoip	0	Developer
anwar786	cmsource	0	Developer
anwara	quj	0	Developer
anwarmun	befree	0	Developer
anwar_gs	j2k	0	Developer
anweiss	magicmap	1	Developer
anwendt	enigweb	0	Developer
anwer	dattel	1	Developer
anwhite	eldy	0	No specific role
anwiki	anwiki	1	No specific role
anwisdas	mems	0	Developer
anwleung	ceph	0	Developer
anwoit01	de04orange-1	1	Developer
anx	gfactory	0	Developer
anxion_de	ftpplayer	1	No specific role
any	dotnetopensrc	0	Developer
anyadang	sbs520lnxdrv	1	No specific role
anyakin	freehost3270	1	Developer
anyana	sangam	0	Developer
anyaserafima	mythrendale-nwn	1	Project Manager
anyb81	egovsh	0	No specific role
anybody	gamersintern	0	Developer
anyday	inchi	0	No specific role
anyday	cml	0	Developer
anyeos	minitanques	1	No specific role
anyff	openmdx	0	Developer
anyfile	freeiso	0	No specific role
anyholm	can	0	Developer
anykey202	iapi	0	Developer
anyoneeb	stpe	1	Developer
anytime	owl	0	Distributor/Promoter
anywherefm	anywherefm	1	Project Manager
any_d_j	silvios	0	Developer
anz0605	bioeval	0	Developer
anzac	lofimo	1	All-Hands Person
anzai	ganttpv	1	No specific role
anzap	juc	0	Developer
anzez	javaselector	1	No specific role
anzil	arcitey	0	Content Management
anzuhan	blaster	1	No specific role
anzuhan	ircsim	1	No specific role
anzuhan	hiredgun	1	All-Hands Person
anzuhan	phpbook	1	No specific role
anzuhan	php2do	1	All-Hands Person
anzuhan	muna	1	No specific role
anzur	gfsgl	0	Tester
an_31337_coder	gelectron	1	No specific role
an_graf	qpe-zh-tools	1	No specific role
an_ice_cube	gamechat	1	No specific role
an_mo	latestcomments	1	Project Manager
an_mo	slash-italian	0	Developer
an_mo	postnukeit	0	Developer
an_mo	pn-modules	0	Developer
an_mo	pn-themes	0	Developer
ao-deathreaper	auraeus	1	Project Manager
ao13	mm2k	0	No specific role
aocampioni	gbboleto	0	Developer
aocampioni	folha-livre	0	Developer
aocampioni	acbr	0	Developer
aocampioni	vlcrazy	0	No specific role
aocampioni	ventas	0	Developer
aoconnor	evtlogharvester	1	Developer
aodhon	ltbot	0	Graphic/Other Designer
aodukha	iepageshot	1	No specific role
aoelwh	zymosedombrowse	1	No specific role
aoelwh	epinfo	1	No specific role
aoertle	authmanager	1	No specific role
aoeuidhtns	aoeui	1	No specific role
aoexmu	beam4ma	0	Developer
aogail	namemaker	1	Project Manager
aogail	mushunformat	1	No specific role
aogorek	ksubeditor	1	Project Manager
aohs	mylenium	1	No specific role
aoide	chef	0	No specific role
aoide	jdbl	0	Web Designer
aoineko	renai	0	No specific role
aoineko_jp	wikipedia	0	All-Hands Person
aoitien	shadowsrising	0	Developer
aojordan	rolan	1	No specific role
aokehl	altiosamples	0	Developer
aoki-y	columba	0	Developer
aoki2	lucie	0	Developer
aol84	tcgmanager	1	No specific role
aolaru71	sete	1	Project Manager
aolcarton	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
aolden	map-pocket	1	No specific role
aoliart	regexfuzzeng	0	Project Manager
aolias	voicechat	1	No specific role
aoliver	jbook	1	Project Manager
aoliver	cinemasix	1	Developer
aoloesche	asciimon	1	Developer
aomh	engsoftblue	0	Developer
aomighty	pyecm	1	Project Manager
aon1	medqos	1	Project Manager
aonaran	mydmtools	1	No specific role
aonezhj	meconsole	0	No specific role
aonic	spleentwo	1	Developer
aonucleard	sinstradmud	0	Developer
aophp	aophp	1	No specific role
aoprisan	spm	1	No specific role
aorlov777	aorlovcrm	1	No specific role
aosan	multimp	1	No specific role
aosh	fratwars	1	Developer
aosman1	todo-agenda	1	No specific role
aosmith	gnuos	1	No specific role
aot782	open-scada	1	No specific role
aotearoa	phpwebcontrols	0	Developer
aothieno	ps-gnu-tools	1	Project Manager
aothieno	xbox-linux	0	Developer
aothieno	free60	1	Developer
aothieno	gc-linux	1	Project Manager
aothieno	linuxsh	0	Developer
aotto1968	opmenu	1	No specific role
aotto1968	tclterm	1	No specific role
aoturan	ragdollcombat	0	Developer
aoudin	botsgame	1	Developer
aougav	jrandtest	1	No specific role
aousterhout	openbizservices	1	Project Manager
aoverland	logfilter	1	No specific role
aows	jspsurveylib	0	Developer
aozarov	joesnmp	0	Developer
aoziel	win-inventory	1	Developer
ap-w	elexis	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
ap0c41yps3	htb2	0	Tester
ap0cn3t	nxt-symbian	1	No specific role
ap0ll0n	sdlfrm	1	Developer
ap0lly0n	gtorrentviewer	1	No specific role
ap0lly0n	afbp	1	No specific role
ap113	jtennisclub	0	No specific role
ap2c	gphoto	0	Developer
ap2c	splix	1	Project Manager
ap2cu	wimputil	1	No specific role
ap6088	itpmr	0	Developer
ap7	artex	1	No specific role
ap9126	epidemic	1	Developer
apa3a	mousefeed	1	No specific role
apache-qpid	junit-toolkit	0	No specific role
apache13	mcastmessenger	1	Developer
apache2	dimensionim	1	Developer
apache2	sea-shell	1	No specific role
apachelogger	amarok	1	Project Manager
apachessl	apachessl	1	No specific role
apachot	guitartuner	1	No specific role
apacman316	duckstein	0	No specific role
apaella	cmzeta	0	Developer
apaes	dangerdeep	0	Developer
apag	cgi-prototype	1	Developer
apage43	freequake	0	All-Hands Person
apago	mfslib	1	No specific role
apakkan	gnome-turk	0	Developer
apakkan	chatlack	0	Developer
apakuni	xaraya	1	Distributor/Promoter
apal	tsp	1	No specific role
apal	libpsn	1	No specific role
apalacios2	gasteroids	0	No specific role
apalade	demet-edunet	0	Developer
apalazzi	cgpsexplorer	1	No specific role
apalmo	sphpblog	1	Project Manager
apanapansson	mrtgconfig	0	Tester
apancik	spes	1	No specific role
apanjocko	euphony-project	1	No specific role
apankrat	ipsec2k	1	No specific role
apankrat	yafe	1	No specific role
apankrat	libike	1	No specific role
apankratz	olcommerce-ajax	0	Developer
apanloco	monkeymidi	1	No specific role
apanov	dejavu	0	Developer
apanov	cm-unicode	1	No specific role
apaprocki	apedotnet	1	No specific role
aparaske	motorsport	0	Developer
aparent	aatcalendario	1	No specific role
aparimana	freeframe	0	Developer
aparkd	pyplan	1	All-Hands Person
aparkin	marsyas	0	No specific role
aparna_perwala	video-gen	0	Developer
aparolin	mobilemm	1	No specific role
apart	oootabbrowse	1	No specific role
aparthy	orca-robotics	0	Developer
aparzev	jeceira	1	Project Manager
apascalau	links2world	1	No specific role
apascalau	giptables	1	Project Manager
apaschke	mandarax	0	Developer
apaschke	rbsla	1	No specific role
apascual	newxmipp	0	Developer
apasetti	xweaver	0	Developer
apasetti	xsltdoc	0	Developer
apasko	hyperfun	1	No specific role
apassionplay	gnu-tr	0	Developer
apataki	tmplugin	1	No specific role
apathetic	apathetic	1	No specific role
apatheticgenius	elaborate	1	No specific role
apathyboy	envolution	1	Project Manager
apatrushev	nauphone	1	Developer
apatterson3	pksarm	1	Developer
apauline	salt-usability	1	Developer
apaulo70	axel	1	No specific role
apauzies	opencap	1	Developer
apavel	oscarmcmaster	0	Developer
apazhe	reaper3d	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
apb116	libctf	1	No specific role
apbarrett	squid	0	No specific role
apbeatty	abcrypt	1	No specific role
apblack	remorse	0	Developer
apbstyles	appms	0	Developer
apb_4	auto-check-sum	1	No specific role
apcarr	liver	1	No specific role
apcarr	pgarc	0	Developer
apcarr	cdnpayroll	1	Project Manager
apcc	vensso	0	No specific role
apcc	oxe	0	No specific role
apchar	jmathtools	0	Developer
apchen	steroids	1	No specific role
apching	stellarreach	1	Developer
apcmendes	sigad	0	Developer
apcrain	seagull	0	Developer
apdewis	communitycodeau	0	No specific role
apdlv	artorun	1	No specific role
apdougla	ematrix	1	No specific role
apdv	evalj	1	No specific role
apdv	streettivo	1	No specific role
apdv	spiegle	1	No specific role
apdv	monetdb	0	Developer
ape	sql-ledger	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
apease	sigmakee	1	Project Manager
apease	delphiblue	1	No specific role
aped	desmume	0	No specific role
apeden	jsbsim	0	Developer
apeden	thplot	1	No specific role
apeden	flightgear	0	Developer
apedro	aplot	1	No specific role
apeel	robocup-f180	1	Project Manager
apehanger	php5ipcpackage	1	Project Manager
apehawk	retro-cms	1	No specific role
apeiro	archlinux	1	All-Hands Person
apell	tiocu	1	No specific role
apellew	auctiontextgen	1	No specific role
apelm	gnutek	1	Developer
apelsyn	mysqlrb	1	No specific role
apengelbrecht	cilib	1	Developer
apenguinlinux	kanta	1	No specific role
apenguinlinux	firecorp	1	No specific role
apensky	therepluspack	1	No specific role
apenwarr	xplc	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
apenzel	piuframework	0	Developer
apeppe	phpimagedisplay	1	No specific role
apeppe	bzlibcpp	1	No specific role
aperepel	rtpdemo	1	Project Manager
aperey	hostspinger	1	No specific role
aperezbios	portabilitykit	1	No specific role
aperezbios	opl-dev	0	Tester
aperezbios	unixnpi	0	Developer
aperezbios	emacs-on-aqua	1	Project Manager
aperezl	qdt-java	1	No specific role
aperh	hacburn	1	No specific role
aperh	gbootroot	0	Developer
aperini	modusgt	0	Developer
aperion	sermonator	1	No specific role
aperion	roreditor	0	Developer
aperritano	sail	0	Developer
aperritano	tels	1	Developer
apersaud	midb	1	No specific role
apersaud	npx	1	Project Manager
apesenti	simpleton	1	Developer
apesenti	smsgo	1	No specific role
apete	ojalgo	1	Project Manager
apete	woproject	0	Developer
apeterso	kronophobia	0	Developer
apetitet	math-atlas	0	Developer
apetrescu	mssqltomysql	1	No specific role
apetrik	pmsystem	0	Developer
apevec	aplaws	0	Developer
apex123	apex-autonomy	1	No specific role
apex2002	devmaster	1	No specific role
apexo	jobsim	1	No specific role
apeyser	checkpower	1	No specific role
apfelpfirsich	epanirc	1	No specific role
apfelschorle	find-the-lia	1	No specific role
apfelteig	file-base	1	No specific role
apfitch	wavsplit	0	Developer
apfreire	nrp	1	Developer
apg	ddd	1	Developer
apg88	ajaxoffice	0	Developer
aph64	simplegs	1	Developer
aphael	kdvdauthor	1	No specific role
aphalo	bib-it	0	Tester
aphasiac	superspace	1	Developer
aphdavies	unitedhome	1	No specific role
aphelix	oyunaltyapisi	1	Project Manager
aphew	raxejac	1	No specific role
aphex-i	aphexircd	1	No specific role
aphex3k	acpi-dialog	1	No specific role
aphex3k	javadialog	1	No specific role
aphex3k	monolog	1	No specific role
aphexairlines	mzhttpcheck	1	No specific role
aphexairlines	mzgnome	1	No specific role
aphexairlines	plt-spy	1	No specific role
aphexairlines	dotnetcontracts	1	No specific role
aphexer	periodictables	0	Tester
aphexer	xianc	1	Project Manager
aphilip	gap-gest	0	Developer
aphillippy	amos	1	All-Hands Person
aphillippy	mummer	1	Project Manager
aphilogelast	jobservatory	1	No specific role
aphrodite7	htpt	1	Project Manager
aphuang	pkcs11	0	No specific role
aphuang	pkinit	0	All-Hands Person
api-devlab	amppserv-xp	1	Project Manager
api-devlab	skratchpad	1	Project Manager
apiconz	cibertec	1	No specific role
apierantonio	a-s-m	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
apierantonio	becontent	1	Project Manager
apiesche	mozpets	0	Developer
apiirimets	t140-pres	1	Project Manager
apiirimets	tipcon1	1	Project Manager
apiirimets	rtp-text-t140	1	No specific role
apilger	threatman	0	Developer
apinet	estudy	0	Developer
apingel	hmskolo	1	Developer
apinstein	statviz	1	No specific role
apion	phpgwapps	0	No specific role
apiou	adgali	1	Project Manager
apiquot	sorbet	1	Developer
apiri	openlogbook	1	Project Manager
apiri	texlipse	0	Developer
apiri	gridblocks	0	No specific role
apirko	ticoffee	1	No specific role
apis	fit-gui	1	Developer
apisarnbom	rwt	1	No specific role
apiskors	aolserver	0	Support Technician
apismellifera	msquant	0	Developer
apiszcz	relink	1	No specific role
apis_gti	newapis	1	No specific role
api_jmatt	goog-ad-api-cli	1	Project Manager
apjenkins	freeweave	1	No specific role
apjone	play-stop	1	No specific role
apk129	psumrss	1	Developer
apk2006	apkframework	1	All-Hands Person
apl	bishop	1	No specific role
apla	web-app	1	No specific role
apla	blue-hive	1	No specific role
aplacilla	lace	0	Doc Writer
aplarsen	apphpxm	1	No specific role
aplata90	lazdoc	0	All-Hands Person
aplata90	rankyanker	1	Developer
aplata90	edieditorctrl	0	Developer
aplata90	wpc997eval	0	Developer
aplata90	wpccmdqueue	0	All-Hands Person
aplazar	picaweb	0	Project Manager
apleasantnoise	bolotron	1	No specific role
aplemakh	ts-cm	1	No specific role
apletfx	cfmnuke	1	No specific role
aplinux	aplinux-mail	1	No specific role
aploski	gronospy	0	Developer
aploski	fsmexplorer	0	Developer
aplowe	phant	1	No specific role
aplowman	phphydrogen	1	No specific role
aplowman	stepmania	0	Developer
aplowman	smonline	0	No specific role
aplowman	hgengine	0	No specific role
aplt	jatomic	1	Project Manager
aplug	aplug	1	Project Manager
apm	linux-mac68k	1	No specific role
apm	gnorbits	1	Project Manager
apm42gpl	fructose	1	Project Manager
apm42gpl	cycliclogs	1	No specific role
apm42gpl	depdot	1	Project Manager
apmee	internetdirect	0	Developer
apmsai	linuxlinq	1	Developer
apmserver	apmserver	1	No specific role
apmtmstr	amino	0	Developer
apmuthu	phperl2	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
apmuthu	phpcheckbox	1	Developer
apnadkarni	palm-tcl	1	No specific role
apnadkarni	twapi	1	All-Hands Person
apoc333	a-note	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
apoc333	connect-four-3d	1	No specific role
apocal	poe	0	Developer
apocal	poco-bittorrent	0	Developer
apocalipsys_exe	elitecms	1	No specific role
apocalypsys	freaxos	1	No specific role
apocalyptica	robotocode	1	No specific role
apocalypticon	konstructstudio	0	Developer
apochpiq	epochlanguage	1	No specific role
apocryphal	bonfireflights	0	Developer
apocrypth	lwars	0	Web Designer
apocsantoz	carshop	1	No specific role
apoc_xp	ijet	0	Web Designer
apoc_xp	dragonsales	0	No specific role
apodaras	pywrath	0	Developer
apoena	pagode	1	Project Manager
apoena	jmesql	0	Analysis / Design
apog	xtrace	0	Developer
apog	xxkb	1	No specific role
apogee	orbitervis	1	No specific role
apohllo	rubytimetracker	0	No specific role
apokalips	colimamud	0	Editorial/Content Writer
apokalipsys	titan-uml	0	Developer
apokalyptik	excogitate	1	No specific role
apokalyptik	storage3	1	No specific role
apolaz	myvideo	1	No specific role
apolenur	ebxmlrr	0	No specific role
apoliak	mozlaunch	1	No specific role
apollo-soft	ankete	1	Project Manager
apollo8	outclass	1	No specific role
apollocreed	pn-teamspeak	1	No specific role
apollodor	dansguardian	1	Developer
apollois	liberum	0	Developer
apollolee	viaexp	0	No specific role
apolloonethree	ezforumcomments	1	No specific role
apollosande	gshop	1	Developer
apolloxc	cirque	1	No specific role
apollyon2083	twilredempt	1	No specific role
apolo_imagod	multijava	0	Developer
apolo_imagod	jmlspecs	0	Developer
apolo_imagod	bndev	1	Developer
apolson	flickrj	0	Developer
apolyakov	instpflow	1	No specific role
apomexus	teamworks	1	Graphic/Other Designer
apomexus	apokgallery	1	User Interface (UI) Designer
apoorv	vox	1	Project Manager
apoorva	whodid	0	No specific role
apope	joode	0	Developer
apope50	kolourpaint	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
apopescu	phpircchat	1	No specific role
apoplex	homercc	0	Developer
apopov	ip-phone	1	Developer
apopovic	jprose	1	No specific role
apopovic	aopalliance	1	No specific role
apopovic	aopi	1	No specific role
apopovin	javasim	0	Developer
aporetic	josephine	0	Support Manager
aportale	posterazor	1	Developer
aporto	gettime	1	No specific role
apost	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
apostasy	perl-date-time	0	No specific role
apostasy	swarmcal	0	Developer
apothin	maloya	0	Developer
apouech	isisniper	0	Developer
apouratian	cplusplus	0	Developer
apova	apokgallery	1	Web Designer
apozgaj	t1-crs	1	Developer
app	terminator	1	No specific role
apparatus	sarc	1	No specific role
apparissus	xwepgen	1	No specific role
appcorner	thdict	1	No specific role
appealing	divinelogic	1	No specific role
appealingmitch	mbgh	1	No specific role
appee	salattracker	1	No specific role
appellol	hupa	0	Tester
appeltant	javasim	0	Developer
appert	zvtm	0	Developer
appi101	mas-framework	1	No specific role
appj	gardenia	1	No specific role
appl0	phpna	1	No specific role
applause	italk	0	No specific role
apple	sashimi	0	Developer
appleboy	school-web	1	No specific role
applefruit	computerbreaker	0	Tester
appleg5	macpack	1	Project Manager
applegrew	lansim	1	Developer
applegrew	libmanager	1	No specific role
appleholic	heads-up-holdem	1	No specific role
appleholic	spacemud	0	Developer
applejack	relfs	1	No specific role
applejack	pdf2oo	1	No specific role
applejack	arcadeworkers	1	All-Hands Person
applejack	gnudap	0	Developer
applejack	camlusb	0	No specific role
applejack	ocamlfuse	1	No specific role
applejam	devmy	1	No specific role
applematt84	pydnl	1	No specific role
applemetal	pwbb09	1	No specific role
applemods	applemods	1	No specific role
applero	applero	1	No specific role
apples	appserv	1	No specific role
apples-	pgpndevcom	0	Developer
apples-	helix	1	No specific role
appleshampooid	subversion-prs	1	Project Manager
appleweek	macext2fs	1	No specific role
apple_fox	mymtetris	1	No specific role
applovr	livewirelinux	1	No specific role
appocalypsist	chx	1	Developer
appocolypes	chomm	1	No specific role
appodictic	jtds	0	Developer
appolyon	coinbeast	0	Tester
appontwf	yahtzeef	1	No specific role
apprentice1	xmasmolez	0	No specific role
apprentice_anak	feux	0	Web Designer
approxal	masest	1	Developer
appshare	iseespring	1	No specific role
appshare	appshare	1	No specific role
appspec_jeff	u-ruk-01	1	No specific role
apptility	openapp	1	No specific role
appwiz	passwordsafe	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
appxpete	appxbang	1	Project Manager
appxsoftware	appxbang	1	No specific role
appzer0	rpmwiz	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
appzworm	blackpearl	1	No specific role
app_maker	calcolatrice	1	No specific role
app_webmaster	ccccms	0	Developer
apr	jpos	1	No specific role
aprak	aurorab	1	Project Manager
apre	gen4luek	1	No specific role
apre	firstserve	1	No specific role
apre	tcptunnel	1	No specific role
aprecado	anoi	0	No specific role
aprecado	basil	0	No specific role
apreeves	jetsqlconsole	1	No specific role
apremselaar	spong	1	Project Manager
aprendiz	adslshare	1	No specific role
april	harbour-project	0	Developer
april20thcorp	jc4tournament	1	No specific role
april20thcorp	jeep-player	1	No specific role
aprillevin	linkerdoodle	1	No specific role
aprilp	wifidog	1	Developer
aprimo	co-link	1	No specific role
aprinzi	pathos-web	0	Developer
apriorit	automateit	1	Project Manager
aprisobal	sjasmplus	1	Developer
aprocket	xmlgraph	1	No specific role
aprog	acdcontrol	0	No specific role
aprog	netusers	1	No specific role
aprok	modama	1	Developer
aprost	interligo	1	Project Manager
aprost	pmr	1	Developer
aprotim	escheduler	0	Developer
aproxso	aprox-engine	1	No specific role
apruszko	blc51	1	No specific role
aprybin	internetdirect	0	Developer
apsalar	jhive	1	No specific role
apsalar	lip-game	0	Developer
apsantosf	mdo	0	Tester
apsantu	kcms	0	Developer
apsantu	tparanoid	1	Project Manager
apschexn	jpos	0	Developer
apsen	pcgen	0	Developer
apsivam	spotsecng	0	Project Manager
apsterling	ibox-sync	1	No specific role
apt	plptools	0	Developer
apt-drink	kfoosms	1	No specific role
apt-drink	kpkgmanager	0	No specific role
apt-drink	qsynaptics	0	Doc Writer
apt1002	zee	1	Developer
aptclone	aptclone	1	No specific role
apteles	sagui	0	No specific role
apterigo	dynksys	0	Developer
apthorpe	bloxploitation	1	No specific role
aptiko	dump	0	Web Designer
aptiko	moabdar	1	No specific role
aptillman	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
aptiva	scummx	1	No specific role
aptiva	audiobeast	1	No specific role
aptiva	macfreesci	0	No specific role
aptyp	megaton	1	No specific role
apu	indlinux	0	Developer
apuder	rssdht	1	Project Manager
apuder	netbeams	1	No specific role
apuder	xml11	1	No specific role
apulix	jfilecrypt	1	Developer
apulsifer	elscr	1	No specific role
apung	do-ngo	1	No specific role
apunkt5	delphisvn	0	Developer
apunkt5	sawoian	0	No specific role
apuratepp	apm	1	No specific role
apuri	adaptiveplan	1	Developer
apurv	owasp-input-api	0	Developer
apurvajain	sciml	1	Project Manager
apurvajain	aiapps	0	Developer
apurvasp	indautograder	1	No specific role
apurvasp	umls-query	1	Developer
apurva_m	nstl	1	No specific role
aputsiaq	neoterm	1	No specific role
apu_islam	syndeo	1	No specific role
apvsys	apvsys	1	Project Manager
apwerf	wazzup	1	Project Manager
apwhite	jswarm	1	No specific role
apwwn	expressub	1	Project Manager
apzo	ecoxp	1	No specific role
aqeel	winux-installer	0	No specific role
aqk	zstar	1	No specific role
aqk	h323gate	0	No specific role
aqrs	kurumi	1	Developer
aqsalter	csk	1	Doc Writer
aqsalter	osc4wp	1	Unix Admin
aqua	gjay	0	Developer
aqua	gplw3mail	1	No specific role
aqua	relay-bot	0	Developer
aquablue	icebb	0	Developer
aquack	hg80	1	Project Manager
aquadran	scummvm	0	Developer
aquafish	gp32wolf3d	0	No specific role
aquair	pumbachat	1	No specific role
aquamaniac	gwenhywfar	1	Project Manager
aquamaniac	simthetic	0	No specific role
aquamaniac	openhbci	1	Project Manager
aquamaniac	ktoblzcheck	0	Developer
aquamaniac	kopenhbci	1	No specific role
aquamaniac	kmymoney2	0	Developer
aquamaniac	libchipcard	1	Project Manager
aquamaniac	lapackpp	0	Developer
aquamaniac	libofx	0	Developer
aquamaniac	aqmoney	1	Project Manager
aquamaniac	aqbanking	1	Project Manager
aquamaniac	aqhbci	1	No specific role
aquamaniac	aqmail	1	No specific role
aquameta	exist	0	Developer
aquanight	farpoint	0	Project Manager
aquanight	vbwinapi	1	Developer
aquanight	binconv	1	No specific role
aquanight	winse	1	Project Manager
aquaosoft	glutenfree	1	No specific role
aquaosoft	aqmicrokernel	1	Project Manager
aquaosoft	rat-p	1	No specific role
aquaphobe	recipies-finder	1	No specific role
aquaplaning	gordianknot	0	Developer
aquarian	php-fusion	1	Project Manager
aquarin	aquarin	1	No specific role
aquariomate	aquariomate	1	Project Manager
aquarion	aqwiki	1	No specific role
aquarion	nomical	1	No specific role
aquarius80	infinitecanvas	1	No specific role
aquarius_cz	calstats	0	Developer
aquatix	morphix	0	Developer
aquavitae	grouporg	0	Developer
aqua_morta	maze5	1	No specific role
aquicho	aquicho	1	No specific role
aquigley	diamondspin	0	Tester
aquila	hpx	1	No specific role
aquila2k	winpt	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
aquila33	tmachine	1	No specific role
aquila33	tkbuilder	1	No specific role
aquila78	jcfs	1	No specific role
aquila78	mycgisession	1	No specific role
aquila78	sleipner	1	No specific role
aquilarubra	dietor	1	No specific role
aquilarubra	europos	1	No specific role
aquilarubra	biblic	1	No specific role
aquila_deus	aqdweb	1	Project Manager
aquila_deus	mopdb	1	No specific role
aquilo	phpmyrecipes	1	No specific role
aquilo	lunabyte	0	Developer
aquilon	contour	1	No specific role
aquin	lux	1	Project Manager
aquinn	das-gff-serv	0	Developer
aquinn	dogwood	1	Developer
aquinn	transfog	1	Developer
aquinn	hawthorn	1	No specific role
aquinn	psidev	0	Developer
aquinn	pride-proteome	0	Developer
aqumo	phpmailserver	1	No specific role
aqumsieh	tk-mdi	1	All-Hands Person
aquynh	xenter	1	No specific role
ar-	ar-	1	No specific role
ar-technology	cerfcube	1	No specific role
ar-zandumar	uuoe	1	No specific role
ar0b	transfigurator	1	No specific role
ar1st0	callinghome	1	No specific role
ar3k	x-n	1	Developer
ar3k	libidle	1	No specific role
ar3n	dtls-example	1	Developer
ar600	linux-dsp-10	1	Developer
ara840	mmdb	0	Developer
araabe	phplib-univali	0	Developer
arabadan	hdiv	0	Developer
araband	auctioneer-wow	1	Project Manager
araband	royalflux	1	All-Hands Person
arabani	gamescrafters	0	Developer
arabelo	manaos-gecko	1	Developer
arabelo	manaos	1	Developer
arabelo	manaos-gwebcore	1	No specific role
arabianpenguin	arabic-jaws	1	No specific role
arabianwa	visualirc	0	No specific role
arabicoss	freecraft118	1	No specific role
arabiner	smartsensor	1	No specific role
arabisk	wpar	1	No specific role
arabold	cmsng	1	No specific role
arabxptyltd	htmltags	1	No specific role
aracelecarvalho	sigad	0	Developer
arachne00	jasclipse	1	No specific role
arachne00	b-zone	1	Developer
arachnid_	httpunit-crawl	1	Developer
arachnion	memoria-rpg	1	No specific role
arachnophobia	openkore	0	Developer
arackaf	orpersistence	1	No specific role
arad	arad	1	No specific role
aradan1	phaosrpg	0	Developer
araddon	ncommons	1	No specific role
arader	mistic	1	No specific role
arader	abbot	0	Developer
aradeski	streamgpu	1	No specific role
aradeski	jiggle	1	No specific role
aradeski	theshed	1	No specific role
aradke	sarp	1	No specific role
aradu	l2cp	1	No specific role
aradu	puzzlebox	1	No specific role
arael78	door	1	Project Manager
arafang	lxbank	1	No specific role
arafel_	lscr	1	Project Manager
arafel_	asmref	1	Developer
arafox	upcase-project	1	No specific role
araftis	ajrdatabase	1	No specific role
araftis	doomlegacy	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
araghuna	tels	0	No specific role
araghuraman	firestormos	0	Developer
araghuraman	databasebridge	0	Developer
aragnitas	openemm	0	Developer
aragonx	aragon	1	No specific role
aragorn	parseperl	0	Developer
aragorn992	xmldad	1	No specific role
aragorn9929	novap2p	1	No specific role
aragornis	easybox-mod	1	Developer
aragorntux	cirts	1	No specific role
aragorn_83	strategic	1	No specific role
aragos	enki	1	Project Manager
aragost1	treegraph	1	No specific role
aragusa	irlp-repeater	1	Developer
araguso	bpedit	0	No specific role
arahimi	ipmvt	1	No specific role
arahimi	roborescue	1	Project Manager
arail	ruoohelp	1	Project Manager
arak01	krystaldrop	1	Developer
arakai	xroadracer	0	Developer
arakiken	mlterm	1	No specific role
arakon	egomap	1	No specific role
arakon	zippy-egoboo	0	Developer
arakov	elenalang	1	No specific role
arakunesan	phpstmanager	1	Developer
aralbalkan	not-a-blog	1	No specific role
aralbalkan	moose	1	No specific role
aralbalkan	wysiwygwikki	1	No specific role
aralbalkan	flashant	1	No specific role
aralbrec	z88dk	1	Project Manager
aralin	overlord	1	Analysis / Design
aralin	dumas	1	No specific role
aralin	lorenai	1	Project Manager
aralin	atlantis	1	No specific role
arallu	icme	0	No specific role
araman	carbon	0	Developer
aramazan	cdbk	1	No specific role
arambulomirta	uni-academica	1	Unix Admin
aramir	richtext	0	Developer
aramir	jsqlbuilder	1	No specific role
aramir	joutlookbar	1	No specific role
aramis	cosmos	1	No specific role
aramis_rp	dotproject	0	Developer
aramis_rp	dotmods	0	Developer
aramk	tmdcwebpad	1	Project Manager
aramm	mateedit	1	No specific role
arampee	alpmp3	0	Developer
arams	suneido	0	Developer
aramsham	tve	0	Developer
aranciato	bluewhalecrm	1	No specific role
arandil	binpost	1	No specific role
araneidae	libera-epics	1	No specific role
aranel	wowrosterfr	0	Support Technician
araneus	ordi	0	Developer
arangelangov	gnomk	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
arango	simple-shop	1	Project Manager
arangole	xqp	0	Developer
arania	scppi-lops	0	No specific role
aranor	macpad	1	Developer
aranor	growl	0	Developer
aranor	colloquy	0	Developer
arantius	attentiontrust	1	Developer
arantone	emplanguage	1	No specific role
arantor	emeraldeditor	1	No specific role
aranwo	notedesk	1	Project Manager
aranykam	robotfoci	0	No specific role
araok	phicad	1	No specific role
arapov	xwebgine	1	No specific role
arapuka	arapuka	1	Developer
arapulido	xmlblog	0	No specific role
arapulido	granada	1	No specific role
araq	gcharg	1	No specific role
araq	cocktailalccalc	1	All-Hands Person
araschepkin	tsc-tpm	1	Developer
araschepkin	tsc-act	1	Developer
araschepkin	tsc-build	1	Developer
araschke	vmaschine	0	No specific role
arashb	chapar	1	Project Manager
arashb	fawkes	1	No specific role
arashb	shabware	1	Developer
arashb	gooyesh	1	Developer
arashb	kalameh	1	No specific role
arashdanger	persiannews	1	No specific role
arashi_no_kaze	pius	1	All-Hands Person
arashvezvaei	aededs	1	No specific role
arash_r	parsikhaan	1	No specific role
arash_sabet	doht	1	No specific role
arastag	vivo	1	Developer
arasue	blackpearl	1	Project Manager
arasue	blackowl	1	Project Manager
arasue	redbrick	1	No specific role
arataka	ephemera	0	Developer
arath-org	regula	1	No specific role
arath-org	cricetus	1	No specific role
arathald	cildur	1	Project Manager
arathalion	sbomps	0	No specific role
arathalion	sbtm	1	Project Manager
arathalion	ogsnotifier	1	No specific role
arathas	dnd-adv-game	1	Project Manager
arathon	gasteroids	0	No specific role
aratin	frust	0	Developer
aratin	gentree	0	No specific role
aratiphadke	copcomp	0	Developer
aratnaweera	dod	1	No specific role
aratnaweera	sahana	0	Developer
aratnaweera	sinhala	1	Developer
aratnaweera	taprobane	1	No specific role
aratos	paranoia	1	All-Hands Person
aratux	bytehoard	0	Developer
arava_phani	activemon	0	Developer
araven	heim-theory	0	Developer
aravi	openchess	0	Developer
aravindalwan	cranks	1	Project Manager
aravindapr	clicktrack	0	Developer
aravindapr	ssoos	0	No specific role
aravindapr	vtun	0	Developer
aravindapr	phpgameportal	0	Developer
aravindhan	libquicktime	0	Developer
aravindhan	mlt	0	No specific role
aravindmr	opensebj	0	Developer
aravindmr	nwpps2k6	0	Developer
aravindmr	sakthi	0	Developer
aravindmr	sensetype	0	Developer
arawakcc	jdna	0	Developer
araxz	galacticdom	1	Developer
aray	rocketworkbench	0	Web Designer
arayq2	openjade	0	Developer
araz	squidlog	0	No specific role
arazjel	solarsystem	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
ara_e_w	opensymphony	0	No specific role
ara_e_w	ejbdoclet	1	Developer
ara_e_w	xdoclet	1	No specific role
ara_e_w	petsoar	0	Developer
arb-duke	openmedic	1	Developer
arb2	covereal	1	No specific role
arbaal	meci	1	Developer
arbab	aixtoolbox	1	No specific role
arbcms	arbcms	1	No specific role
arbeeny	restrict-sftp	1	No specific role
arbeit95	linuxusbguide	1	No specific role
arbeiten	ftpseek	1	No specific role
arbel	noggami	0	No specific role
arbet	lxscope	1	Project Manager
arbi	jvf	1	No specific role
arbinada	sro2	1	Project Manager
arbisto	satranc	1	No specific role
arbitrix	seda	0	Developer
arbitrix	cryptix	1	Developer
arbitroid	broadcasttvxml	0	Developer
arbitroid	radioxml	1	No specific role
arbitroid	xmediainvoice	1	No specific role
arboc	perleditor	1	No specific role
arboi	identity	0	Analysis / Design
arbonboy	safsdev	0	Developer
arbonline	adfc	0	Developer
arbonneville	gstoolbox	0	No specific role
arbor	zaurus-shopper	1	No specific role
arbori	jmemory	1	No specific role
arborint	interchphplib	1	Developer
arborint	ap3	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
arborint	lms	1	Developer
arborint	lamplib	1	Project Manager
arborrow	moodle	0	Support Technician
arbron	mups	1	Project Manager
arbron	trrec	1	No specific role
arbscht	upcow	1	Developer
arbscht	conky	0	Web Designer
arbterr	felyx	0	Developer
arbuckle911	universeonline	0	Developer
arbuckle911	air5023	1	No specific role
arburgers	cgoban1	0	Developer
arbus	afjp2-compiler	1	Developer
arbys	rx76	1	No specific role
arb_jack	antworks	1	Developer
arb_jack	barcode4j	1	Project Manager
arb_jack	bikini	1	No specific role
arb_jack	krysalis	1	All-Hands Person
arb_jack	jcharts	1	No specific role
arb_jack	metamorphosis	1	All-Hands Person
arc	udeproject	1	Developer
arc	eselstall	1	No specific role
arc116	coliseum	1	Project Manager
arca1n	parallax	1	No specific role
arcad3	automatic-drake	1	No specific role
arcade1989	scripting	0	Tester
arcadel	idle-rpg	1	No specific role
arcadel	tclscripting	1	No specific role
arcadia82	poc	1	No specific role
arcadia82	javascal	1	No specific role
arcadiclife	periodictables	0	Developer
arcadiclife	cord	1	Developer
arcadien	fengine	1	Project Manager
arcady	basiliskdb	1	Project Manager
arcan	scripting	0	Tester
arcana	jsqledit	1	Developer
arcanez	snmp-info	0	Developer
arcanjoebc	web	1	No specific role
arcanjoebc	cheques	1	No specific role
arcanum	winavr	1	Project Manager
arcanum	avrdude-gui	0	No specific role
arcanum	avarice	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
arcanum	srecord	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
arcanum	openzig	1	No specific role
arcatan	marsuphp	1	All-Hands Person
arcatica	teardrops	1	No specific role
arcavius	hopen	1	No specific role
arcazj	ob-htmlbuilder	1	Project Manager
arcdigital	arcbb	1	Project Manager
arcdigital	arcdigital	1	No specific role
arcege	expectpy	1	All-Hands Person
arcepi	openbash-org	0	Developer
arch3	pernband	0	Developer
arch75	mmbt	1	No specific role
archaelus	sqlfairy	0	Developer
archaeolog	archaeolog	1	No specific role
archaeopteryx	onboardc	0	Developer
archam	auber	0	Developer
archan	lainos	1	Graphic/Other Designer
archangel3310	ugbuilder	1	No specific role
archangel82	phpthinadmin	1	No specific role
archangele	periodictables	0	Tester
archangelwar	dsdevguild	0	Developer
archanium	p2pchat	0	Web Designer
archaonv2	clashoftitans	1	No specific role
archbot2007	archbot	1	Project Manager
archc	archc	1	Project Manager
archdog99	pupdater	1	No specific role
archedude	collective	0	Developer
archekubo	elm-ve	0	Developer
archekubo	vesma	0	Developer
archenemy	ultimember	1	No specific role
archeousr	libastat	1	All-Hands Person
archer3tw	egm	1	No specific role
archerdb	pennhospace	0	Web Designer
archerunlimited	dimthescreen	1	No specific role
archetype	coralftp	1	Project Manager
archetypon	ontogov	1	Developer
archevel	castalia	1	Project Manager
archevel	socio	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
archeveque	ahmeba	0	Developer
archevis	morpheus	1	Project Manager
archibaldsmith	thema	0	Developer
archibaldtuttle	isense	1	No specific role
archibaldtuttle	gnutopia	1	No specific role
archiea	mp3rage	1	No specific role
archiec	amarokweb	0	Developer
archiecobbs	mpd	1	No specific role
archiecobbs	libpdel	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
archiecobbs	jcvm	1	No specific role
archie_s	cfsites	0	No specific role
archifishal	arcem	0	No specific role
archifishal	nettle	1	Project Manager
archifishal	sciffymud	1	Developer
archiguy	ffgallery	0	Developer
archiip	hhp	0	Developer
archilife	bahamut-sango	0	Developer
archilles_sw	tbforum	1	Project Manager
archimedes	jabot	0	No specific role
archimedix	maes3	1	Project Manager
archimel	decalscript	0	Developer
archimets	ogresvpixies	0	Developer
archish	glug-madurai	0	Developer
architekt	ghettoedit	1	No specific role
architekt	tilelib	1	No specific role
architekt	xrolypoly	1	No specific role
architelalexl	simpleticket	1	Developer
architelkm	simpleticket	1	No specific role
architest	architest	1	No specific role
architest	gpstk	0	No specific role
archivar	coti	1	No specific role
archivist	brlcad	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
archmagezeratul	aegisub	1	No specific role
archmonkey	ezphotogallery	1	No specific role
archnayadav	egal	0	Web Designer
archonix	eastgate-athena	1	No specific role
archr	cli-parallel	1	No specific role
archuleta37	tikipro	0	No specific role
archuleta37	bitweaver	0	Developer
archville	noidgame	1	No specific role
archymede	html-ebook	0	Developer
arcila	flowvr	1	Project Manager
arcinbozkurt	fnattlab	0	Developer
arckrune	redeck	1	All-Hands Person
arckrune	csm2	1	No specific role
arcl	corps	1	Project Manager
arclength	rociproject	0	Developer
arcling	jtick	1	No specific role
arcneeraj	syncshare	0	Developer
arcneeraj	servletunit	1	Unix Admin
arcoain	virtuflash	1	No specific role
arcomat	struts4php	0	Developer
arconian	scaikeqc	1	No specific role
arcon_kaos_to	anonym-os	0	Developer
arcor	ddmap	0	Developer
arcos	smsnuke	0	Developer
arcress	ipmiutil	1	Developer
arcress	panicsel	1	Developer
arcress	openhpi	0	Developer
arcress	scsirastools	1	Developer
arcress	saftest	0	Tester
arcsecant	futuruni	0	Developer
arcterex	archimedes	1	Project Manager
arcticdb	arcticdb	1	Developer
arcticwolf	fbmuck	0	Developer
arcticwolf	fbbasedb	1	No specific role
arctic_wolf	protowars	1	All-Hands Person
arcturien	soapmode	1	No specific role
arcturus00	psybox	1	No specific role
arcuneo	informal	0	Developer
arcus	pdfcreatorpl	1	No specific role
arcus	ebzzo	1	No specific role
arcusc	imanga	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
arcwf	sanddune	1	No specific role
arcwf	beachsource	1	No specific role
arc_angell	dbeginnings	1	No specific role
arc_of_ascent	wackit	1	No specific role
arc_of_ascent	ibmonitor	1	No specific role
arc_of_ascent	google-adwords	1	No specific role
arc_of_ascent	finance-hdfc	1	No specific role
ard44	scvt	0	Developer
ardaeroglu	tutbe	1	No specific role
ardahl	baldrick	1	Developer
ardalion	bugkilla	1	Project Manager
ardanedh	jxmltv	1	No specific role
ardar	phpdottext-blog	1	No specific role
ardarico	sp2a	1	No specific role
ardavis	dapl	1	Project Manager
ardavis	infiniband	0	Developer
arddrive	xboxmediacenter	1	Developer
ardeavis	ave	1	Developer
ardeco	osb-usbstickgui	1	No specific role
ardelle_fan	xcgl-port	1	Developer
ardelle_fan	lksctp	0	Developer
ardemihu	limes	0	Developer
arden	ournews	1	No specific role
arden	snmap	1	No specific role
ardentlygnarly	numbertrans	1	Developer
ardenttask	groglogic	1	Developer
ardenttask	grogcon	1	No specific role
ardenttask	grognet	1	No specific role
ardenttask	allacrost	0	Developer
ardiesr	fearcatalyst	0	Developer
ardiesr	phoenixkit	1	Developer
ardiningsih	xocp	0	Developer
ardiri	pilrc	1	Project Manager
ardoi	revision	1	No specific role
ardok	amr	1	No specific role
ardolynk	linhal	1	No specific role
ardoric	cksfv	1	No specific role
ardox27	ineo	0	Unix Admin
ardu	ispman	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
ardu	edemps	1	Project Manager
ardvaark	jackbot	1	Developer
ardzeii	condorm	0	Developer
ardzeii	halalan	0	Developer
are66are	resourcemanager	0	No specific role
area-51	irrwizard	1	No specific role
area17_vis1	nev2lkit	1	Project Manager
area51mafia	webshadow	1	Developer
area52	pussh	1	Project Manager
area6	p2pim	0	Web Designer
areader	nunupedia	0	All-Hands Person
areainformatica	xharbour	0	No specific role
arealini	instantcm	0	No specific role
areasteroids	areasteroids	1	No specific role
arebjoerby	antproject	1	No specific role
aredd	euclidtests	1	No specific role
aredd	dcmtrainer	1	No specific role
aredfearn	grandslam	0	Distributor/Promoter
aredkin	hypercube	1	No specific role
aredkin	openbravo	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
aredkin	moodle	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
aredridel	phpwiki	0	Developer
aredshaw	debtpayoff	1	Project Manager
aredshaw	jbudgetplanner	1	No specific role
aredstone	isaplanner	0	Developer
areeves81	networktitan	1	Project Manager
areff	extendedcp	1	No specific role
areffhaug	firestormos	0	Developer
areg	dfd	1	No specific role
aregatba	vtkdesigner	0	Developer
areggiori	rdftests	1	No specific role
areggiori	rdfstore	1	Developer
areggiori	sparql4j	0	Developer
aregnier	umapi	1	No specific role
areian	wow-aoman	1	No specific role
areibens	iutk	1	No specific role
areibens	dnd-tng	1	No specific role
areibens	asomshkpk	1	No specific role
areibens	pdfapi2	1	All-Hands Person
areidryk	hank	1	Project Manager
areikristensen	care2002	0	Developer
areimann	mychurchvisits	1	No specific role
areinders	compierecms	0	Developer
areinot	flokk	0	Developer
areinot	isugamedev	1	Developer
areinot	opal	0	Developer
areis	gnuquake3	1	No specific role
areisinger	realdb	1	No specific role
arekjan	nwe	0	Developer
areklaskot	intpasmga	0	No specific role
arekm	ipmitool	0	Developer
arekm	ezmlm-cgi-py	0	Developer
arekm	suspend	0	Developer
arekm	boomerang	0	No specific role
arekm	pureftpd	1	Developer
arekmenner	ifi-picloader	0	Developer
arekmenner	adambots-live	0	Project Manager
areku_san	fightsj	0	Developer
arele	padre4l	0	Developer
aremith	vnwebsuite	1	No specific role
arenaaz	jmosser	1	No specific role
arenaaz	jyahtzee	1	Project Manager
arenaaz	msudoku	1	No specific role
arenadisciple	arenamaster	1	Developer
arenamaster	arenamaster	1	Developer
arenaocg	arenaocg	1	No specific role
arendb	ultimatego	0	No specific role
arendhil	physics-edu	1	Developer
arendina	slpm	1	No specific role
arendjr	phpstripper	1	No specific role
arendjr	apollon	0	Developer
arendjr	adms	1	No specific role
arendjr	aukyla	1	No specific role
arendjr	gift-soulseek	1	No specific role
arendjr	knights	0	Developer
arendt	natp	1	Project Manager
areneros	gner	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
areneros	free-eye	1	No specific role
arensb	koha	0	Developer
arepe	bookit	1	No specific role
arequet	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
ares1226	shockwave	0	Developer
ares2005	ares2005	1	No specific role
aresch	docsql	1	Project Manager
aresch	micro-cms	1	No specific role
arescrypt	arescrypt	1	Developer
aresgalaxy	aresgalaxy	1	Project Manager
areski	a2billing	1	No specific role
areski	web-meetme	1	Developer
areski	starshop	0	Developer
aresol	csrpg	0	No specific role
aresxp	s-calc	1	No specific role
ares_	pizzagame	1	Developer
ares_	pizza-business	0	No specific role
ares_fps	aresfps	1	Project Manager
aretche	atutor2go	1	No specific role
aretche	hlbr	0	Developer
areth	lazygen	1	Project Manager
areuh	mysqlnewsengine	0	Developer
areus	extesy	1	Unix Admin
areutter	ewglib	1	No specific role
arevi	arevi	1	No specific role
arew264	sphpfcss	1	No specific role
are_muc	maxima	0	No specific role
arfaminit	bootster	1	No specific role
arfa_the_lesser	tinyphpforum	0	Developer
arfn	telescope	0	Developer
arfrei	jprose	0	Developer
arfx4dk	uxadmin	1	No specific role
arfx4dk	opensonic	1	No specific role
arf_it	tbeditor	1	No specific role
argaar	aruke	1	No specific role
argaldo	pmlparser	1	No specific role
argandhi2001	ctools	0	Developer
argelbargel	amfmessenger	1	No specific role
argenacho	jiraconn	1	Developer
argenesis	argenesis	1	No specific role
argent2004	wcmt	0	Developer
argentium	argentium	1	No specific role
argent_smith	ocaml-sem	1	No specific role
argggh	lxr	0	Developer
arghil	argante	1	No specific role
arghvark	actiongame	1	Project Manager
argigi	mythwaves	0	No specific role
argl	supercollider	1	Developer
arglist	wacrgeis	1	No specific role
argman	bfide	1	Developer
argman	remindme	1	Developer
argo-s	toimd	1	Project Manager
argomauro	jwru	1	No specific role
argon-script	argon-irc	1	No specific role
argon2000	blobsy	1	Developer
argonavis	sd4l	1	Project Manager
argonavis	md5summer	1	Project Manager
argonel	konversation	1	Developer
argonel	marla	1	Developer
argonix	pldator	1	No specific role
argonne1	transims	0	No specific role
argonps2	argon-ps2	1	Project Manager
argonsoft	argonnews	1	No specific role
argos42	c-windows-tools	1	No specific role
argos66	catalencoder	1	Developer
argos66	vmmanager	0	No specific role
argosz	accc	1	No specific role
argotvisual	adria	1	No specific role
argotvisual	aldocontent	1	No specific role
argp	angst	1	No specific role
argp	jumpgate	1	No specific role
argrim	argrim	1	Developer
arguepr	ccmdev	0	Developer
arguepr	breadbox	1	Project Manager
arguile_althor	trilldev	0	Developer
arguru	psycle	0	No specific role
argv-1	randtrout	1	No specific role
argv1	openzmail	0	No specific role
arg____	argirc	1	No specific role
arg____	remember	1	No specific role
arg____	networkfailure	0	Developer
arhodes	pylibpcap	0	Developer
arholly	olm	0	Tester
arholly	gvweb	1	Developer
arhont	munin	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
arhont	cisco-torch	1	No specific role
arhui	chatcommander	1	No specific role
arhurtado	lman	1	No specific role
ariadne3	ariadnekps	1	No specific role
ariador	http-explorer	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
ariadoss	hotelbooking	1	No specific role
ariadoss	efiction	0	No specific role
ariadoss	mdfiction	1	Project Manager
ariafan	rfunc	1	Project Manager
ariaflame	dproofreaders	0	No specific role
ariakas	medievalnorth	0	Web Designer
ariam	edu-ir	0	Developer
ariani	cmusphinx	0	Developer
arianne_rpg	arianne	1	Project Manager
arianne_rpg	marauroa	1	No specific role
ariarantes	hastymail	0	Developer
aricci	tucson	1	No specific role
aricci	tuprolog	1	No specific role
ariccioni	vlab2006	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
arichard	netatalk	0	No specific role
ariciputi	mystiquexml	0	No specific role
arick	valatier	1	Developer
arickert	arm7eval	1	No specific role
aric_kirkland	elocker	1	Developer
aridods	datingonjsf	1	No specific role
aridotgov	pysharepoint	1	No specific role
ariebs	cub	1	No specific role
ariebs	osdb	1	No specific role
arief-r	antigame	1	Project Manager
ariefwt	as-smic	1	No specific role
arief_mulya	omtlin	1	No specific role
ariejan	ambt	1	Project Manager
ariejan	subfonsion	1	Project Manager
ariejan	lugoon	1	No specific role
ariejan	lambda	1	Project Manager
ariejan	l-portal	1	Project Manager
ariejan	killemall	0	Developer
ariejan	cse-tool	1	Project Manager
ariejan	colt	1	No specific role
ariel-elektra	aideen	1	No specific role
arielalegre	acpcontactos	1	Project Manager
arielalegre	acpproduccion	1	Project Manager
arielalegre	acpportal	1	Project Manager
arielbt	dangerflow	0	No specific role
arielcarralbal	dartagnan	1	No specific role
arielext	cddbogg	1	No specific role
arielext	j3d-chess	1	No specific role
arielext	mp3cdbrowser	1	Project Manager
arielg	game-lab	1	Project Manager
arielpartners	zopexmlmethods	1	All-Hands Person
arielr	pythianproject	0	No specific role
arielselig	rssbandit	0	Developer
arieltenor	farsight	0	No specific role
arieltenor	cs-case	0	Project Manager
arieluba	nzbgui	1	Developer
arielvargas	phplib-univali	0	Developer
ariel_bacher	dabasy	0	Developer
ariel_bacher	kindb	0	Developer
ariel_barbosa	apc-aa	0	Doc Writer
ariel__82	pyspanishdoc	0	Developer
arien	dbi-interbase	0	Web Designer
arieroy	jxpfw	0	Developer
ariesg	solarwind	0	Graphic/Other Designer
ariessoft	popsticle	1	No specific role
arievandeursen	ajhotdraw	1	No specific role
arifabbas	jtaxi	0	Developer
ariforu	jworldclock	1	No specific role
arif_rachim	jhdl	1	No specific role
arigo	psyco	1	No specific role
arigo	bub-n-bros	1	No specific role
arigo	python	0	Developer
arigo	quark	0	No specific role
arihm-cv	centraview	1	Project Manager
arijitm	mygrid-uk	0	Developer
arijitpaulin	tcpaudiodevice	0	Developer
arijit_mitra	virtualmandi	1	Project Manager
arijort	mygde	0	No specific role
arijort	multicaster	1	Project Manager
arijort	bioswriter	1	No specific role
arijort	howtorib	1	Unix Admin
arik00	myns	1	No specific role
arike	geneontology	0	Editorial/Content Writer
arikkert	doldawebmail	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
arikkfir	mvn-jarx-plugin	1	No specific role
arikkfir	vito	1	No specific role
arikthered	techstrike	1	Project Manager
arikye	survivors	0	No specific role
arildfines	draconet	0	Developer
arilou	axiomengine	0	Developer
arimaa	arimaa	1	No specific role
arimaspia	sscs4php	1	Project Manager
arimaspia	rgcell	1	No specific role
arimaspia	rempire	1	Developer
arimicci	phpcomdb	1	No specific role
arimot	ipmsg	1	No specific role
arimot	jacoportal	1	No specific role
arimot	jasperservlet	1	No specific role
arimot	p2pbbs	1	No specific role
arimot	openjppp	1	Support Manager
arimus	jmimemagic	1	Developer
arimus	jweather	1	Project Manager
arimus	sequoia	1	No specific role
arimus	wowc	1	No specific role
arin	qtlen	0	No specific role
arinaya	parecon	1	Developer
arinch77	netnice	0	Developer
arindam	vgames	0	No specific role
arindam	slicklinux	0	No specific role
arindambiswas	boardfusion	0	Developer
aringel	saga-gis	1	Developer
arinir	scintilla4web	1	No specific role
arinir	w3lvisualizer	1	No specific role
arinn_ablaze	sickness	1	Developer
arinoo	phpsicafe-ii	1	Unix Admin
arioch_bdv	tdbf	0	Developer
arion1978	arrim	1	No specific role
arione	beo	0	Graphic/Other Designer
arionl	reason	1	Developer
ariossw	resknife	0	Developer
ariowicak	playbilling	0	Developer
aris002	upp	0	Support Manager
arishapiro	freedip	1	Project Manager
ariskk	oodb	1	No specific role
arisme	scummvm	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
arisme	whitephone	1	No specific role
arisme	nbftools	1	Developer
aristarco	krinnicam	1	No specific role
aristeu	thumbs	1	No specific role
aristeu	cdp	1	Project Manager
aristeu	zealos	1	No specific role
aristocat	aristoteles3d	0	Developer
aristocrat	phpbbturkiye	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
aristrides	jamooka	1	Developer
aristrides	mooca	1	No specific role
aristrides	brightmoo	1	Developer
aristus	dowser	1	No specific role
ariswalsh	weathertop	1	Developer
ariszlo	hunkyfonts	1	No specific role
aris_tide	nal	0	Developer
aris_upm	hi-eav	0	Developer
arit93	javahtmlwriter	1	No specific role
aritger	gtf	1	No specific role
arithboy	euc	1	No specific role
aritheory	miro	1	No specific role
arithma	utility	1	No specific role
arithmandar	fastquest	1	No specific role
arithmandar	atlasloot	0	Developer
arithon	neoengine	1	Developer
aritzo	euskal-ircd	1	No specific role
aritzo	euskalze	1	No specific role
ariven	agsession	1	Project Manager
ariven	monircd	0	All-Hands Person
ariw2003net	winxportal	1	No specific role
ariwibowo	biko	1	No specific role
ariya	bscript	1	No specific role
ariya	kyim	0	Developer
ariya	libwpg	1	Developer
ariya	libwpd	0	Developer
ariya	wvware	0	Developer
ariya	netraider	1	Developer
ariya	transgl	1	No specific role
ariza	athenacl	1	Project Manager
ariznaf	asturpilotes	1	Project Manager
arizona_rising	utah	1	No specific role
arizzi	rhex	0	Developer
arizzi75	pixapp	0	Doc Writer
arizzo	phpodbc	1	No specific role
ari_j	ari-yahoo	1	No specific role
ari_j	libxmlplusplus	1	No specific role
ari_vp	deportciencias	0	Developer
arj	accountis	1	No specific role
arj	zfolder2product	1	No specific role
arj3090	abdf1	1	No specific role
arjaies	bruiser	1	No specific role
arjan	nleech	1	All-Hands Person
arjan	eyefi-behaviour	1	No specific role
arjan	eyefi-imgfilter	1	No specific role
arjan	telegnome	1	No specific role
arjan	snel	1	No specific role
arjan	gpang	1	No specific role
arjan	monetdb	0	Developer
arjan	ipod-encoder	1	No specific role
arjanb	nice	0	Developer
arjanderoo	composestar	0	Developer
arjanl	kwirk	1	No specific role
arjanmol	gaphor	1	Project Manager
arjanmol	diacanvas	1	All-Hands Person
arjansch1234	gis	1	No specific role
arjanz	xshare	1	Developer
arjan_maas	colen	0	No specific role
arjan_t	wwwstats	1	No specific role
arjecahn	easywebdav	1	Project Manager
arjenb	opl-dev	1	Developer
arjenjb	nanoftpd	0	Developer
arjenmarkus	tcl	0	Doc Writer
arjenmarkus	tcllib	0	Developer
arjenmarkus	plplot	0	All-Hands Person
arjenmarkus	xml-fortran	1	No specific role
arjenmarkus	emu	0	Developer
arjenmarkus	ftcl	1	No specific role
arjenmarkus	flibs	1	No specific role
arjensteur	hawaritmsviewer	1	Developer
arjenvanefferen	jspportal	1	No specific role
arjenve	glorp	0	No specific role
arjen_pietersma	alipesmail	0	Developer
arjen_v	tts	0	Distributor/Promoter
arjen_w	photorg	1	Developer
arjman	aureal	0	Developer
arjohn	aperture	0	No specific role
arjohn	sesame	1	Project Manager
arjonais	grouper	1	No specific role
arjonais	lince	1	No specific role
arjonais	tuxattack	1	All-Hands Person
arjones	dshieldpy	1	Developer
arjoon	kpassport	1	Graphic/Other Designer
arjunram	google-taglib	0	Developer
arjunsingri	relipmoc	1	Developer
arjun_acharya	passwordsafe	0	Developer
ark-sf	jamm	1	All-Hands Person
ark-sf	wx4j	1	All-Hands Person
ark-sf	cart	1	No specific role
ark42	sab	1	All-Hands Person
ark42	freeimage	0	Developer
ark89	nocsim	0	Developer
arkaaito	jmlspecs	0	Developer
arkade	chaosrts	0	Graphic/Other Designer
arkadian_410	nas-linux	1	No specific role
arkadicolson	personalbackup	0	Developer
arkadiusz	pwb	1	Developer
arkadyan	chuck	0	Developer
arkadyr	phpnetpbm	1	No specific role
arkaha	yellowfish	0	Developer
arkaine	frowser	1	No specific role
arkaitz	pyeclipse	1	Developer
arkaitzr	zoac	1	Developer
arkalon	jasonkitty	0	Developer
arkalon	moveme	1	All-Hands Person
arkam	universe-home	1	No specific role
arkanda	unixtree	1	Distributor/Promoter
arkane	ls2html	1	Project Manager
arkane	dlink-syslog	1	No specific role
arkanes	mccppimp	1	No specific role
arkanes	wxmud	0	Developer
arkangl	dragonstrike	1	Project Manager
arkanhell	pttux	1	Developer
arkanoid-dk	knossos	1	No specific role
arkanoid2600	fntosphpb	1	No specific role
arkanoid_	hlbr	1	Project Manager
arkan_xyz	mangos	0	Developer
arkasha	knmapfe	1	No specific role
arkasha	knetscan	1	No specific role
arkasha	kpinger	1	No specific role
arkasha	ktroute	1	No specific role
arkasha	kmediagrab	1	No specific role
arkasha	kcrypto	1	No specific role
arkasha	kjsplit	1	No specific role
arkasha	keurochange	1	No specific role
arkayas	decaldev	0	Developer
arkel	btp	0	Developer
arkel	intraphp	1	Project Manager
arkenflame	wss	1	All-Hands Person
arkenian	cryptnet	0	Developer
arkenoi	libci-milter	1	No specific role
arkenoi	openfwtk	1	No specific role
arkenoi	openlook	1	No specific role
arker66	notemeister	1	No specific role
arker66	newton	1	No specific role
arker66	echelon-applet	1	No specific role
arkeyeneth	wope	0	Developer
arkhe	space-sheep	1	Project Manager
arkhe	gocphis	1	Project Manager
arkhee	winapivbclass	1	No specific role
arkhee	toutateam	1	No specific role
arkhee	titiwiki	1	No specific role
arkhee	bueasy	0	Developer
arkhyl	yasm3d	0	Developer
arkhyl	zhovort	1	No specific role
arkinis	d3rose	0	All-Hands Person
arkinis	vislib	0	Developer
arkitus	arkidb	1	All-Hands Person
arkiwursti	samegame	1	Developer
arklad	weso	0	Developer
arkman	apantihak	0	Developer
arkman	tclp	1	No specific role
arkman	spyimage	1	No specific role
arknarath	tik	0	No specific role
arknarath	tikpkgs	0	No specific role
arknight	pcgen	0	Developer
arkoepke	gmonsters	0	No specific role
arkondilhavar	doit-base	1	No specific role
arkonnekt	arksnd	1	No specific role
arkonnekt	arksndkit	1	No specific role
arkpoah	hattbot	1	Developer
arktik	shutdownit	1	No specific role
arkweb	phpmyschema	1	No specific role
arkyes	time-cop	0	Developer
ark_adius	drzefko	1	No specific role
ark_dixie79	starcon-sstc	1	No specific role
arldon	tekstilo	1	Project Manager
arlen-liu	fancyforum	1	No specific role
arlenjazz	ohaha	0	No specific role
arli	downloadplus	0	Developer
arlin	enpath	1	Developer
arlingtonhynes	enervator	1	No specific role
arlinton	xmel	1	No specific role
arlm	delphiprocess	1	No specific role
arlm	delphineroapi	1	Project Manager
arlm	jsenna	0	Developer
arlm	freedom-erp	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
arlm	openbrr	0	Developer
arlm	openboleto	0	Developer
arlm	tpabbrevia	0	Developer
arlm	arkadios	0	No specific role
arlm	acbr	1	Project Manager
arlolerouge	boisjoli	1	No specific role
arloliu	snow	1	Project Manager
arloliu	nukemark	1	Developer
arls_josh	arls	1	Project Manager
arlt2k	nukevkp	0	Developer
arm2arm	pmviewer	1	No specific role
arm7	vexedadv	1	No specific role
armac	ehomeconfig	0	Developer
armada2mods	armada2modscont	1	No specific role
armada2mods	advancedbb2002	1	No specific role
armadillo_00	mexxenger	0	Developer
armador	kpanel	1	No specific role
armag1234	ataxx32	1	No specific role
armageddonv20	namenlos	0	Editorial/Content Writer
armaggedd0n	watten	0	Web Designer
armaghan	odch	1	Analysis / Design
armaiti	jalalidatetime	1	Developer
armand	ispman	1	All-Hands Person
armand	midgard	1	Unix Admin
armand	mod-ispman	1	No specific role
armandch	armandch	1	No specific role
armandino	ararat	1	No specific role
armandino	jreversi	1	No specific role
armandino	playnet	1	No specific role
armandocs	myaf	1	No specific role
armandopadilla	phpneuralnet	1	No specific role
armandoxxx	acnik	1	Developer
armandozamparjr	webcrud	0	Graphic/Other Designer
armando_leal	windpc	0	Developer
armand_bendanan	nidda	1	No specific role
armand_vanhell	opentrivia	1	No specific role
armanic	tsep	0	Developer
armanipaolo	phppgweb	1	Project Manager
armaroli	webfem	0	Developer
armasha	knoplex	1	No specific role
armbru	hmtools	0	No specific role
armbru	empserver	1	Developer
armbrust	dezign2dods	1	No specific role
armburgerman	frecl	1	Developer
armburgerman	bay	1	Project Manager
armeagle	ltool	0	Developer
armedgeek	gnome-cp	1	No specific role
armefatale	phpwife	0	Developer
armein_langi	bhtv-docs	1	Project Manager
armel	afupdevphp	0	Developer
armel	phpfaqtory	1	Project Manager
armel	systux	0	Developer
armel-prigent	jtimesheet	0	Developer
armen138	getdcc	1	No specific role
armen301	leafserver	1	No specific role
armenio	magicavia	1	No specific role
armenrz	adempiere	0	Analysis / Design
armenrz	starprise	1	Project Manager
armiento	nim	1	No specific role
armiller	stlouise	1	No specific role
armin	pngamers	0	No specific role
armin-mueller	lisp-player	1	Project Manager
armin01	modmysqlaccess	1	No specific role
armin390	loubia-cp	0	Developer
armin75	estudy	0	No specific role
armin906	asc-hq	0	All-Hands Person
arminarm	sahasrabuja-g	1	No specific role
arminb	cocoalicious	0	No specific role
arminbr	j-a-m-p	1	Project Manager
arminburger	pmapper	1	No specific role
arminburger	avpgcon	1	Project Manager
arminbw	minihal	1	Developer
armindilo	hi-tronic-prog	0	Developer
armine_k	chat777	1	No specific role
armine_k	whitechat	1	No specific role
armingerritsen	maddxshow	1	Developer
arminh	wsmx	0	Developer
arminhaaf	j-wings	1	Developer
arminhaaf	javawings	1	No specific role
arminkanitsar	dcm4che	0	Developer
arminkoefler	venividiwiki	0	Developer
arminovski	physicalpoets	0	No specific role
arminpreis	venividiwiki	0	Developer
arminsteinhoff	pyqnx	1	Developer
arminsteinhoff	openqnx	1	No specific role
armintroy	colaps	1	No specific role
armin_w	objectbridge	0	Developer
armin_wg	openshs	0	Developer
armin_wg	openebxml	0	No specific role
armita	shabware	0	Project Manager
armita	kalameh	0	Project Manager
armitron	visualsightp	1	No specific role
armixon	armixshopengine	1	No specific role
armk	starchart	0	No specific role
armoarthur	armspell	0	Developer
armoguy94	infernoproject	1	No specific role
armondc	mpibot	1	No specific role
armonica	themapserver	1	Project Manager
armonr	webwom	0	Developer
armontoubman	nucleuscms	0	Developer
armoredsoul	openrpgmaker	0	Graphic/Other Designer
armorer	openlogosharp	1	No specific role
armorer	project-comrade	0	Developer
armorer	ccnet	0	No specific role
armouredturtle	topdown	1	Developer
armror	u7feudallands	0	Developer
arms22	embunit	1	No specific role
armske	tmva	0	Developer
armstron	cs401cve	1	Developer
armstrtw	tslib	1	Developer
armyboy73	iichat	1	No specific role
armyofone	armyofone	1	No specific role
armypants	multinet	0	No specific role
armyz	artraced	1	No specific role
army_ranger	valkyrie	0	Graphic/Other Designer
arm_in	tortoisecvs	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
arn34	baghira	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
arnabdotorg	banks	1	No specific role
arnabdotorg	idyadbx	1	Project Manager
arnabdotorg	drupal	1	No specific role
arnabkarmakar	business-chain	0	Developer
arnabkarmakar	werewolf	0	Developer
arnabkarmakar	solewax	0	Developer
arnab_engg	fbsideserver	0	Developer
arnab_mitra	soft-civ	1	Project Manager
arnache	sundog	0	Developer
arnageddon	fania	1	No specific role
arnak	dreamos	1	Project Manager
arnal2	jeasyopc	1	No specific role
arnaldothe3rd	xmlwiki	0	Developer
arnao	ptfptfdll	1	No specific role
arnarl	pytm	0	Developer
arnarl	ztm	1	Developer
arnaud	grouptime	0	No specific role
arnaud-	bpmsuite	0	Developer
arnaud02	ddd	1	Developer
arnaud02	tidy	0	Developer
arnaud2006	stellarium4java	0	Developer
arnaud42	somenews	0	No specific role
arnaud42	gnulinux-jobs	0	Developer
arnaud42	cjn	1	No specific role
arnauddesmons	logarno	1	No specific role
arnauddesmons	gpong	1	No specific role
arnaudherve	bitweaver	0	No specific role
arnaudm	gtk-mac	1	Developer
arnaudw	hrp	1	Project Manager
arnaud_brejeon	anka	0	Analysis / Design
arnaud_carre	stsound	1	No specific role
arnaud_cesbron	querycommander	0	Developer
arnaud_d	openomr	1	No specific role
arnaud_dupuis	slack-get-10	1	Project Manager
arnaud_faucher	hri	0	No specific role
arnaud_gouder	uhapi4linux	0	Developer
arnaud_lb	phprox	1	No specific role
arnaud_pade	bones	1	All-Hands Person
arnaud_pade	defenders	1	All-Hands Person
arnaud_roques	pepita	1	No specific role
arnaud_siminski	php-ims-connect	1	No specific role
arnaud_vallat	nuxstyle	1	No specific role
arnaud_vallat	lemonldap	0	Developer
arnauldvm	larp-csms	1	No specific role
arnauldvm	sudokuresolver	1	No specific role
arnauldvm	avatar-it	0	Developer
arnauz	madkit	0	Developer
arnavpoch	wtl	0	Developer
arnd	posix2	1	Project Manager
arndbehring	e-dot	0	No specific role
arndh	cryptojim	1	No specific role
arndh	ltilib	0	Developer
arndtc	peetcom	1	No specific role
arne	bashish	1	No specific role
arne2	shoutbox	0	Developer
arne23	studip	0	Developer
arne23	cinekom	0	No specific role
arneb	leaf	0	No specific role
arneb	shorewall	0	No specific role
arneb	pcxfirewall	0	Developer
arnebab	phex	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
arnebab	magma	1	No specific role
arnebab	germanmacosx	0	Developer
arnebrys	tuxbench	1	No specific role
arneex	simpleajax	1	No specific role
arnef	nedit	0	Developer
arnehb	openwebwatcher	1	No specific role
arnehe	rkward	0	Developer
arnehendriksen	alipesmail	0	Developer
arneke	linux1hcl	0	No specific role
arneke	pmtool	0	Developer
arneke	jlibrtp	1	No specific role
arneklopper	dbhistoric	1	No specific role
arneknorr	etla	1	Developer
arneknorr	nicic	0	Developer
arnekoopman	stoplicht	1	Developer
arnelim	jlcad	1	No specific role
arnelim	jconquest	1	No specific role
arnelim	ldrawloader	1	No specific role
arnelindow	dynamicdispatch	0	Tester
arneme	argusjmx	1	No specific role
arneolavh	criticalsupply	0	Developer
arnep	ovanttasks	1	All-Hands Person
arnepadmos	nocensorship	1	No specific role
arnesol	gdapi	0	Developer
arnesten	officeopenxml	0	Tester
arneth	nopegui	1	Project Manager
arneth	atrogue	1	Project Manager
arneth	retawq	1	Project Manager
arneth	itchconfig	1	Project Manager
arnetheduck	adchpp	1	No specific role
arnetheduck	gtkextramm	1	Developer
arnetheduck	dcplusplus	1	Developer
arnetobedeprez	turnracer	1	Developer
arnewolf2	tencompetence	0	No specific role
arnewolf2	peertrust	0	Developer
arne_broering	core-52n	0	Developer
arne_broering	incubator-52n	0	Developer
arne_caspari	lsight	1	No specific role
arne_caspari	unicap	1	No specific role
arne_caspari	univision	1	No specific role
arne_caspari	video-2-1394	1	No specific role
arne_m	joode	1	Developer
arne_sf	helpmeict	0	Developer
arngor	nemesil	1	No specific role
arngrim	sodalitas	1	All-Hands Person
arnia	plone	0	Developer
arnia	plone-docs	0	Doc Writer
arnia	haskell-libs	0	Developer
arnia	cmfcollectorng	0	Developer
arnia	collective	0	Developer
arniarent	ssge	1	Developer
arnie21	aipex	1	No specific role
arnieggertsson	aixwlmproccat	1	No specific role
arnig	golfstatsweb	1	No specific role
arnima	r-gregmisc	0	Developer
arniml	ezhid	1	Project Manager
arniml	mj-tools	1	Developer
arnjo	nlpfarm	0	No specific role
arnobeck	graphplotter	1	No specific role
arnobrinkman	firebird	0	Developer
arnodelorme	bva-io	1	Developer
arnodelorme	biosig	0	Developer
arnodelorme	eeg	0	Developer
arnohaase	hibernatesample	1	Project Manager
arnohaase	safejdbc	1	Developer
arnohaase	architecturware	0	Developer
arnokamphuis	ai-standards	0	Developer
arnol	bacula	0	Developer
arnold81	teleport	1	No specific role
arnold81	phpexplorator	0	No specific role
arnold81	libmyxql	1	No specific role
arnoldcano	phrame	1	No specific role
arnoldcistai	wabbit	1	No specific role
arnoldg	oxci	0	No specific role
arnoldlayne	ibpp	0	No specific role
arnoldmnl	openmsx	0	Developer
arnoldmnl	z80gcc	0	Developer
arnoldmnl	cbios	0	Tester
arnoldop10	cecilia	0	Developer
arnold_mad	chefxp	1	No specific role
arnold_mad	ftp4che	1	Developer
arnold_mad	dcm4che	0	Developer
arnold_mad	vhousehold	1	Developer
arnold_np	handwritten	0	No specific role
arnold_shade	mbldr	1	No specific role
arnon	hipb	1	Project Manager
arnone	photouploader	1	No specific role
arnonel	textext	0	Developer
arnonmoscona	brightlight	1	Developer
arnost00	eobsystem	1	Developer
arnost_stedry	bang	0	Developer
arnost_stedry	okoun	0	Developer
arnotoell	mp3-admin	1	No specific role
arnoutboks	messedup	1	No specific role
arnowa	mnet	1	Developer
arno_	netspeex	0	Developer
arno_b	latexdraw	1	No specific role
arno_huetter	vanilla-dal	1	No specific role
arno_meger	cpbk	1	No specific role
arno_parlante	defeatchess	1	No specific role
arnsteinnjastad	efrogbuilder	1	Project Manager
arntr	jheap	0	Developer
arntr	agilis	0	No specific role
arnuga	net-freedb	1	Developer
arnulf_christl	edbs2wkt	0	Tester
arnulf_christl	mapbender	1	Project Manager
arnum	maker	0	Developer
arny_ro	htb-tools	1	No specific role
arn_w	esurvey	1	No specific role
aro1976	rmiblackjack	1	No specific role
aroach	plplot	0	No specific role
aroach	lasi	0	Developer
aroben	webcalendar	0	Developer
aroberge	rur-ple	1	No specific role
aroberge	crunchy	1	No specific role
aroberson1	bracket-tracker	0	Developer
arobert	jedit	0	Developer
arobert3434	emacs-on-aqua2	1	No specific role
arobert3434	emacs-on-aqua	0	Developer
arobert3434	emacs-app	1	No specific role
arobinson	objectbridge	0	Developer
arobinson74	csharpoptparse	1	No specific role
arobinson74	jsf-comp	1	Project Manager
arobinson74	ajaxanywhere	0	Developer
arobison	galileorenderer	0	No specific role
arock	hdtvtompeg2	1	No specific role
arock99	jmarioworld	1	No specific role
arock99	smwdev	1	No specific role
arodland	musicwatcher	0	Developer
arodrigu	admindb	1	Project Manager
arodriguezm	facturalux	1	Developer
arodygin	etraxis	1	All-Hands Person
aroelen	transferware	0	Developer
arohl	gdis	0	Developer
arohl	fink	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
aroka	sakura-editor	0	Developer
aroll	xtensa	0	Support Manager
aroller	axm	1	No specific role
aroller	mutidimensions	1	No specific role
aroller	motionbased	1	Doc Writer
aroller	cupidmatchmaker	1	No specific role
aroman123	tfi	1	No specific role
aromman	eshoppingcart	1	Project Manager
aromman	eprice	1	Project Manager
aromman	mororrhh	1	Project Manager
aron-smith	osrmt	1	Developer
aronacher	pocoo	1	Project Manager
aronacher	pygments	1	Developer
aronaron	gwpe	1	No specific role
aronb	ggt	1	Developer
aronb	vrjuggler	1	Developer
aronb	vrjtoolbox	1	Developer
aronb	xml-cppdom	1	Developer
aronb	doozer	0	No specific role
aronb	binah	1	All-Hands Person
aronb	pydemeter	1	Developer
aronbarta	extraclipboard	1	No specific role
aronbostrom	mathematingo	1	No specific role
aronbostrom	lommedit	1	No specific role
aroncotrau	jwic	0	Developer
arondylos	friwahl	1	Developer
aronkyle	snmarms	1	Developer
aronlaszka	poiuz	1	No specific role
aronnax	znf	1	Project Manager
arons777	jfl	1	Developer
aronvaughan	dotw	0	No specific role
aronyc	xiphias	1	No specific role
arooaroo	portage56k	1	No specific role
arooaroo	aconcorde	1	No specific role
arora_paras	install-qmail	1	No specific role
arora_paras	clamav-script	1	No specific role
arosa	thecommunity	1	No specific role
arosii_moa	jawinproject	0	Developer
arossi	keel	1	Developer
aroth001	phpsteam	1	No specific role
aroth2003	sokofinity	1	No specific role
aroudnev	snmpstat	1	No specific role
aroudnev	probind2	1	No specific role
arouser	abstrivia	1	No specific role
arow-conseil	arow-crm	1	No specific role
aroy1	specvmm	1	Developer
arpankotecha	linuxcards	1	No specific role
arpflush	liquidmaya	0	Developer
arpflush	spiralmodular	0	Developer
arphahat	screenassist	1	No specific role
arphen	aiddlywiki	1	No specific role
arpia49	pdfgroup	1	No specific role
arpif	bolsites	1	No specific role
arpif	xtshops	1	No specific role
arpipa	wordlist-hu	1	Developer
arpits	database-viewer	0	Developer
arpitsud	cct	1	No specific role
arpi_esp	mplayer	1	No specific role
arpi_esp	avifile	0	Developer
arpi_esp	ffmpeg	0	Developer
arpoodle	phpsitesolution	1	All-Hands Person
arpruss	plucker	0	No specific role
arpruss	pilrc	1	Developer
arpruss	handypalmstuff	1	No specific role
arpruss	rawprintserver	1	No specific role
arpruss	qjae-gps	1	No specific role
arpruss	toolsfortmpgenc	1	No specific role
arpruss	palmishido	1	No specific role
arpruss	palmresize	1	No specific role
arpruss	palmfontconv	1	No specific role
arpruss	palmbibleplus	0	All-Hands Person
arpyone	md-ipb	1	Project Manager
arq	mpbot	0	Developer
arrabie	pxsystem	1	Developer
arrabie	qixite	0	Developer
arraffaele	webmatic	1	No specific role
arrafieli	facileiw	1	No specific role
arrah	dataquality	1	No specific role
arraken	epro	1	Developer
arrakis73	freestep	1	No specific role
arran4	dcclients	1	No specific role
arran4	startpage	1	No specific role
arran4	mdch	1	No specific role
arran4	obscureservers	1	Developer
arran4	awebctcclient	1	No specific role
arran4	arran4	1	No specific role
arran4	aatopendcd	1	No specific role
arran4	a4codegen	1	No specific role
arran4	chatlogd	1	No specific role
arran4	qopendchub	1	No specific role
arran4	kpopflash	1	No specific role
arrange	arrange	1	Project Manager
arrasmith	yacas	1	Developer
arrass	linxapp	1	No specific role
arreche	templario	0	Developer
arrelius	mp3explorer	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
arrelius	clanadmin-tools	1	No specific role
arrelius	gtlt	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
arren	libsrs2	1	No specific role
arrest	fastblog	1	No specific role
arrias_rules	march	1	No specific role
arriev	basn	0	Web Designer
arriev	xorro	0	Web Designer
arrigo_m	jlms	0	Developer
arrival123	ucls	1	No specific role
arrizza	jtaskdefs	1	No specific role
arron	phpdcadmin	1	No specific role
arron-tian	webrpg	0	Developer
arronax	ronuke	1	Project Manager
arronis	orthoepikon	0	Developer
arronmc	lamm	1	No specific role
arrow	evilos-kernel	1	No specific role
arrow014	brisc	1	Developer
arrowood	gplflashcards	1	No specific role
arrowood	simplebashbu	1	No specific role
arrowood	powerjournal	1	No specific role
arrowood	netlogclient	1	Developer
arroy	slavs	1	Developer
arroyo	kudzu	1	Project Manager
arrro	village	0	No specific role
arr_sf	usbp	1	No specific role
ars3nik	mub	1	Project Manager
arsab	librivox	0	No specific role
arsablue	smep	1	No specific role
arsal	alivestatus	1	Developer
arsalant	tinyos	0	No specific role
arsathish	virtualdb	0	Developer
arschlesinger	scriptoe	1	No specific role
arschmitohren	lottasophie	0	Developer
arschmitohren	pnforum	0	Developer
arschmitohren	pn-commerce	0	Developer
arsc_db	blui	1	Developer
arsenal-1	coolcollaboratr	1	No specific role
arsenal-1	arsenal-1	1	No specific role
arsenal-2	arsenal-1	1	Requirements Engineering
arsenal-2	coolcollaboratr	1	Project Manager
arsene-fr	buildutils	1	No specific role
arsenickiss	arsenickisscmd	1	No specific role
arsgodfather	rhubarb	1	No specific role
arsh0r	sapi	1	No specific role
arsh0r	icm-hl	1	No specific role
arsh0r	siemapi	1	No specific role
arshadnoor	strongkey	1	No specific role
arshadnoor	csrtool	1	No specific role
arshadparvez	accounter	1	No specific role
arshiacont	ftm	0	No specific role
arshiacont	jmax	0	No specific role
arshmuck	chuck	1	No specific role
arshmuck	marsyas	0	No specific role
arsirc	lingt	1	No specific role
arslanm	basilix	1	Project Manager
arsneils	dcm4che	0	Developer
arson8000	spytrack	0	Web Designer
arsourceforge	arcl	1	No specific role
arsousa	encnet	0	No specific role
arspy87	karmalib	0	Web Designer
arstionu	ehomeconfig	1	Project Manager
art-ix	ultimairis	0	Developer
art-media	mynukexxx	1	Project Manager
art0rz	sleepychat	1	No specific role
art103	open2x	0	Developer
art3mis	nuke-lan	1	Developer
art71	jnettool	1	No specific role
artagon	forbiddenmagic	0	Editorial/Content Writer
artaliss	lesautres-org	1	Developer
artamonov	metronom	1	No specific role
artamos	loqi	1	Developer
artarmin	camviewer	1	All-Hands Person
artaxerxes	exult	0	Developer
artaxerxes	si-french	1	No specific role
artaza	vqt	1	No specific role
artboy	renai	0	No specific role
artbrann	postracker	1	Project Manager
artbrock	ggdbcompare	0	Analysis / Design
artcancro	citadel	1	Project Manager
artcava	u4n	0	Developer
artchoung	tranzport	1	No specific role
artcodex	visualswing	0	Developer
artcodex	care2002	0	Developer
artcodex	napalm2003	1	No specific role
artcodex	phpowersearch	0	Developer
artcodex	kyroxinu	1	No specific role
artcodex	xbos	0	Developer
artcom	paintlib	0	Developer
artdodge	crystal	0	No specific role
artdodge	cel	0	No specific role
arte	snipsnap	1	No specific role
arte	jta	1	No specific role
arteal	oxyy	1	Developer
arteast	evilpandy3d	0	Developer
arteast	swebs	0	Developer
artebinario	artebin	1	No specific role
artee	visualsynapse	1	No specific role
artee	gpu	1	Developer
artee	eemailer	1	No specific role
artee	duki	1	No specific role
artee	libsql	1	No specific role
artefaritaj	irrlichtsharp	0	Developer
artefficient	dataisland	0	Graphic/Other Designer
artema	kml	0	All-Hands Person
artemave	refine	1	No specific role
artemgoncharuk	nsuml	1	Project Manager
artemgr	nice	0	Developer
artemgr	jvm-bridge	0	Developer
artemiopabla	inkscape	0	Web Designer
artemiopabla	hydrogen	0	Web Designer
artemiosv	panoptis	0	Developer
artemk	wholetrack	1	No specific role
artemkh	moomapper	0	Developer
artemos	archeimos	0	Developer
artempolyakov	freefly	0	Developer
artems	ohaha	0	No specific role
artemtsv	eadev	1	Project Manager
artemtsv	evoboard	1	No specific role
artemv	sharehound	1	Developer
artemy	percival	0	Developer
artemys	armadeus	1	Project Manager
artem_a	reader	0	Developer
artenum01	jyconsole	1	No specific role
artevelde	umm	1	Project Manager
artevelde	synura	1	No specific role
artfh	auge	1	No specific role
artful	logcon	1	No specific role
artfuldodger	johnboy	1	No specific role
artfuldodger	dsa4	0	Developer
artfulgotcha	g2f3	1	No specific role
arth	jabberfox	0	No specific role
arthadkincaid	banlaen	1	Developer
arthas	isogest	0	Developer
arthas	openfnc	1	No specific role
arthas	pod2it	0	Developer
arthavus	mestrecontrol	1	No specific role
arthc	openlegends	0	Developer
arthc	openzelda	0	No specific role
arthchan2003	srmc	1	No specific role
arthchan2003	shorttalk-emacs	1	No specific role
arthchan2003	cmusphinx	1	Project Manager
arthin	neomoo	1	Project Manager
arthit	thai-moz-dev	1	Project Manager
arthit	oothai	1	Distributor/Promoter
arthos	crypt-gui	1	No specific role
arthoz	pa-mirc	0	Developer
arthran	ootdweb	1	No specific role
arthurbergman	poe	0	Developer
arthurbergman	scribot	1	Developer
arthurbergman	bricolage	0	No specific role
arthurbr	xpricer	1	Project Manager
arthurchan	plone-i18n	0	Developer
arthurchan	revisionmanager	0	Developer
arthurdeko	nagrafioso	1	No specific role
arthurdo	htmltok	1	No specific role
arthurfink	openappbuilder	0	No specific role
arthurfurlan	ccreator	1	No specific role
arthurgold	osom	0	Developer
arthurhi	xavs	0	No specific role
arthurio	projectmmo	1	No specific role
arthurjo	pan-cmmi	1	Project Manager
arthurkeller	evm2003	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
arthurkkk	stronger	1	Developer
arthurkor	jfm	0	Project Manager
arthurlandim	protocolo-ipt	1	No specific role
arthurlian	eworks	0	Developer
arthurmen	spt405	0	Developer
arthurpsmith	ofpr	1	No specific role
arthurs0	psumrss	1	No specific role
arthurschreiber	minerva	0	Developer
arthurschreiber	winbinder	0	All-Hands Person
arthurschreiber	r3-born	0	Developer
arthurvb	aigaion	1	No specific role
arthurxie	pcanel	1	Project Manager
arthurxie	opendso	1	No specific role
arthur_apw	iphawk	0	Developer
arthur_cheng	openemcee	0	No specific role
arthur_chopart	euronode	0	Support Manager
arthur_debert	sepy	0	Developer
arthur_lutz	lanjuke	1	No specific role
arthur_machado	pyroproject	1	Project Manager
arthy	dungeondigger	1	Project Manager
articfox	foolproof	1	No specific role
articfox	jujube	1	No specific role
articfox	ukernel	1	No specific role
artichikin	j-poker	1	No specific role
artichikin	cronometer	1	No specific role
articnomad	easyapp	1	No specific role
articuno64	tetratools	1	Tester
artie11	aussicart	1	No specific role
artifex-support	ghostscript	0	No specific role
artifexx	free-xdk	1	Project Manager
artifexx	xbox-windows	1	No specific role
artificialaim	artificialaim	1	No specific role
artificialexit	php-msnbot	1	No specific role
artificialidea	filescatcher	1	No specific role
artifishall	shuti	1	No specific role
artignan	chinese-game	1	No specific role
artik777	itaforum	0	Developer
artimage	libbase32	0	Developer
artimage	libzstr	0	Developer
artimage	libzutil	0	Developer
artimage	pyutil	0	Developer
artimage	egtp	0	Developer
artimage	mnet	0	Developer
artimid	javapathfinder	1	No specific role
artimon	theopenfirm	1	No specific role
artine0	ereserve	1	Developer
artio	finiter	1	Project Manager
artio	vovida	1	Project Manager
artisanpath	scapplet	1	No specific role
artistan	acmco-kb	1	Developer
artistan	gripmanager	1	No specific role
artistdudett	projectzero	0	Graphic/Other Designer
artiuday	minibits	0	Developer
artlangs	phpdictionary	1	No specific role
artlav	s-way	1	No specific role
artm	simca	1	Developer
artm	beepmp	0	Developer
artm	v2os	1	No specific role
artm3	joomlawcs	1	No specific role
artmotion	vgrid	1	Developer
artnology	jpox	0	Developer
artodeeto	avcc	0	No specific role
artofluke	eckbox	1	All-Hands Person
artoink	aedgui	0	Developer
artol	maestrosbt	0	Developer
artoleg	ddccontrol	0	Developer
artomb	plone-i18n	0	Developer
artomb	webfilebrowser	0	Developer
artoo-detoo	ruachdb	1	Developer
artooro	qtcomponents	1	No specific role
artooro	acalproj	1	All-Hands Person
artooro	ourmedia	0	Developer
artooro	machcms	1	No specific role
artooro	macflightgear	1	No specific role
artorian	mimsfw	0	Tester
artpara	ap0202	1	No specific role
artpoon	hyphy	0	Developer
artsi	fridaymvc	1	No specific role
artthou	trent	0	Developer
artunit	wibs	1	No specific role
artunit	koha	0	Developer
artunit	martini	1	Developer
artunit	gslocal	1	Developer
artur231	edytornc	1	No specific role
arturanjos	firebird	0	Distributor/Promoter
arturbac	iglwidget-clx	1	No specific role
arturcz	mkdict	1	No specific role
arturcz	rrdcollect	1	Developer
arturcz	lwatch	1	Project Manager
arturcz	lib	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
arturcz	lip-game	1	No specific role
arture	libpcm	1	No specific role
arture	imoneez	1	No specific role
arture	billingd	1	No specific role
arture	duapi	1	No specific role
artures	janosik	0	Developer
arturich	regexfuzzeng	0	Developer
arturjales	nlight	1	No specific role
arturked	cthumb	1	Developer
arturkeska	htom	1	No specific role
arturo	gengetopt	1	No specific role
arturo	websearcher	1	No specific role
arturo	tobee	1	No specific role
arturo	accessreferer	1	No specific role
arturo	cgitelnet	1	No specific role
arturo	osswakeup	1	No specific role
arturo182	pgxportal	1	No specific role
arturo88	openfirmware	0	No specific role
arturoea	inkscape	0	No specific role
arturok	phpfact	1	No specific role
arturo_mann	helios-engine	1	No specific role
arturpim	disastersys	0	Developer
artursignell	millstone	0	Developer
artursignell	millstone-grain	0	No specific role
arturt	tclcsharp	1	No specific role
arturus	jumppoint	1	No specific role
artur_denysenko	zystem	1	No specific role
artur_eagle	wcs-jabe	0	Developer
artur_eagle	project-planner	0	No specific role
artur_eagle	lann	0	Developer
artur_heinze	knowledgecenter	1	No specific role
artur_krysiak	shatteredworld	1	No specific role
artur_m	tweak-it	1	Developer
artur_maciag	janosik	0	Developer
artur_moscicki	iaa-pascal	0	Developer
artusamak	samoth	0	Developer
artvras	maumataskis	1	Developer
artwallacex	winbits	0	Developer
artworx	armagedon	1	No specific role
arty	lcc-java	1	No specific role
arty	pycaml	1	No specific role
arty	swig	0	Developer
arty	zstar	1	No specific role
arty333	jimm	0	Developer
artymiak	pyhtmliv	1	No specific role
artymiak	pymode	1	No specific role
artymiak	authordesk	1	No specific role
artymiak	freemovie	1	No specific role
artymiak	easymoney	1	No specific role
artymiak	tdmagic	1	No specific role
artymiak	obsdat	1	No specific role
artymiak	openbsdpl	1	Project Manager
artymiak	pywml	1	No specific role
artymiak	pyxhtml	1	No specific role
artyom1979	xpathexecutor	1	No specific role
artyomk	koolpoker	0	Developer
artyomr	mobilerpc	1	No specific role
artyprog	karriblog	1	Developer
art_temper	sowar	0	Graphic/Other Designer
art_testbed	art-testbed	1	No specific role
aru1	phpclist	1	No specific role
aruba	eph-trivia	0	Developer
aruban	sfbbplugin	1	No specific role
aruder	mythcontrol	1	No specific role
arudert	jabref	0	Developer
arudil	arudil	1	No specific role
arueegg	ondex	0	Developer
arugam	vibewire	0	Developer
arulkens	phpdivdb	1	No specific role
arulrajag	sdn-kmweblog	1	Project Manager
arulrajag	xi-plugins-sdn	0	Developer
arulzz	arul	1	Developer
arulzz	bugslife	1	Developer
arumble	mfilter	1	Developer
arun	uno-darmstadt	1	Project Manager
arun251	actiondirectory	0	Developer
arunab	csql	0	Developer
arunain	interstructures	0	Developer
arunain	nocassist	0	Developer
arunan08	wcs-jabe	0	Developer
arunarunarun	junter	0	All-Hands Person
arunarunarun	nightscreamer	1	No specific role
arunarunarun	tcalc	0	Project Manager
arunarunarun	tlott	1	All-Hands Person
arunashekar	floranta	0	Developer
arunasr	iiiasn1	0	Developer
arunas_s	fydji-ws	1	Developer
arunbear	webcurator	0	Tester
arunchaganty	fluffwho	1	No specific role
arunchaganty	pengine	0	Developer
arune	remotemedia	1	No specific role
arunesh	open1x	1	Developer
arungeorge1981	mobchannel	1	All-Hands Person
arunjayaprakash	yardstick	1	No specific role
arunjeetsingh1	spexplorer	1	No specific role
arunka	voruta	1	Developer
arunkishore	mxflib	0	No specific role
arunkishore	audacity	0	Developer
arunkm	dc-dreamos	0	Developer
arunkumaran	dailypuzzlehelp	1	No specific role
arunkumarpg	s-meter	1	No specific role
arunkumar_s	aibots	0	Developer
arunkv	wc2006	1	No specific role
arunkw	surviving-bots	1	No specific role
arunmehta	hawking	1	Project Manager
arunodhaya80	arunodhaya80	1	No specific role
arunr14	witchcraft	0	No specific role
arunrao	spearframework	1	No specific role
arunshekher	techlux	1	No specific role
arunshekher	e107	0	Support Technician
arunyogeswar	lsaft	0	No specific role
arun_2004	wizardmatica	1	No specific role
arun_2004	sqlunit	0	Developer
arun_acharya	webrad	0	Developer
arun_bel	utplsql	0	No specific role
arun_hallan	antigenx	1	No specific role
arun_iitm	freebon	1	No specific role
arun_nair	x-dlm	0	Developer
arun__kumar	mobilereader	1	No specific role
arupsch	jet-editor	1	No specific role
arupsch	marven	1	No specific role
arusama	jos	0	Developer
arusanov	pg-system	0	Developer
arusbridge	lockss	0	No specific role
arusiak	vcb	0	Developer
arusslabs	xnagametoolkit	1	No specific role
arusso	avux	1	Project Manager
arustadx	railspetstore	1	No specific role
arustum	mtutil	0	Developer
arutyunov	osbe	1	Developer
arutyunov	elements	1	No specific role
aruyant	soft-wars	1	No specific role
aruyoyo	geoassistant	0	Project Manager
arvais	rpgmadness	1	Analysis / Design
arve5	joctet	1	No specific role
arved	hk-classes	0	Developer
arved	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
arved	portrookies	0	Developer
arved	knoda	0	Developer
arvelh	libdkim	1	Project Manager
arvelh	relayfaxosproj	0	Developer
arvelh	domainkeys	0	Developer
arvidgibas	drakonwall	1	No specific role
arvidn	libtorrent	1	No specific role
arvidn	luabind	1	Developer
arvidn	bitrocket	0	Developer
arvidn	burst	0	No specific role
arvidn	openae	1	No specific role
arvidn	panzer	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
arvidsson	bjgl	1	No specific role
arvind732	gnudj	1	Developer
arvindd	freens	1	Developer
arvinder	punlinux	0	No specific role
arvindg	slacksound	1	No specific role
arvindgopal	translet	0	Developer
arvindgupta	surviving-bots	0	Developer
arvindin	openmortal	0	No specific role
arvindkst	zipdistance	1	No specific role
arvindkumars	digi	0	Developer
arvindn	gtkboard	1	No specific role
arvindn	gretools	1	No specific role
arvindn	sweet-dreams	1	No specific role
arvind_devaraj	miracle	1	No specific role
arvind_n	gcalc-arvind	1	No specific role
arvind_raman	mpatrol	0	Developer
arvind_sv	dobs	1	No specific role
arvind_techie	kiside	0	Developer
arvind_yadav	saraswati	1	Developer
arvins	alsamodular	0	Developer
arvixx	p2p-movielib	1	No specific role
arvo1	compoman	0	Web Designer
arvoreen	smartmontools	1	Developer
arvoreen	pcgen	0	Developer
arvy	caranou	1	No specific role
arvydasj	shsec	1	No specific role
arvydasj	fintrack	1	No specific role
arvy_n	rtspspec	1	Project Manager
arv_ind_	bionetwork	1	No specific role
arw	freediag	1	Project Manager
arw	freescan	1	Project Manager
arwab	surrealwebs	1	No specific role
arwab	spacemud	1	Developer
arwagner	dgtdrv	1	No specific role
arwagner	dgtnix	0	Developer
arwica	kaunet	0	Developer
arwindshift	wikiproject	1	Support Manager
arwinfleming	freerealty	1	No specific role
arwing	firetrack	1	Developer
arwright	gbaxport	0	No specific role
arwright	spamdam	1	Developer
arwright	gigapan	1	Developer
arwright	interactive-c	0	Developer
arxcruz	i-com	0	Developer
arxcruz	galaxium	0	Developer
arxip	pckdos	1	No specific role
aryanameri	persianmozilla	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
aryanguru	gurukul	1	No specific role
aryanguru	careerplanner	1	No specific role
aryaniae	desudex	1	No specific role
aryante	surrealdev	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
arya_18	sematica	1	No specific role
arya_subhransu	indianoss	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
arya_subhransu	oriya	1	No specific role
aryes	thespider	0	Developer
aryhann	crystal	0	No specific role
aryhann	planeshift	0	Developer
aryhann	cel	0	Developer
aryix	realtek8019	1	No specific role
aryjavajunior	dianaframework	1	No specific role
aryjunior	nheengatu	1	Developer
arykz	fineplatform	1	No specific role
arysin	languagetool	0	Developer
arysin	ispell-uk	1	Developer
arysul	surveyed	0	No specific role
aryw	rimbalinux	0	Web Designer
aryx	waxgui	0	No specific role
ary_vl	mps-ary	1	No specific role
arzdev	dinoblog	1	No specific role
arzdev	dinocms	1	No specific role
arzdev	dinoresume	1	No specific role
arzemieniuk	perspectives	1	Graphic/Other Designer
arzen110	flushphp	1	No specific role
arzuffi	edranslia	1	No specific role
arzyl	macrocosm	0	No specific role
as-brandon	ljtrack	1	No specific role
as230	mivec	1	No specific role
as31415rin	joebot	1	No specific role
as31415rin	vvis	1	Developer
as49	gtk2hs	1	No specific role
as6o	jscope	1	No specific role
as6o	tikiwiki	0	Developer
as97	jschart	1	No specific role
asa	golded-plus	1	No specific role
asa01	guerreirosu	1	No specific role
asa76	javaterminal	1	No specific role
asabassi	ctcl	1	All-Hands Person
asabatie1	arnold	0	Developer
asabigue	ipoim	1	No specific role
asabri	eclpce	0	Developer
asabro	a2j	0	No specific role
asac	gnutfinger	1	Project Manager
asac	jxtaim	1	Project Manager
asac	onefc	1	Project Manager
asacoher	sopp	1	All-Hands Person
asad27	iapi	0	Developer
asaddi	yafic	1	No specific role
asaddi	newsfish	1	Developer
asaddi	sha	1	No specific role
asadr	pcsx2	1	Developer
asadr	ussm	1	No specific role
asaeed	ebazaar	0	Developer
asaf	csicq	1	Developer
asafamit	opencms-ldap	0	Developer
asafg	sexyloader	1	No specific role
asafr	rarat	1	No specific role
asafsh1	hcal	1	No specific role
asafyurdakul	ascad	1	No specific role
asaf_shakarchi	innerview	1	No specific role
asah	openliberty	1	No specific role
asahlot	dsde	0	Developer
asahni	gotjava	0	Developer
asaidi	m5sim	1	Developer
asakrana	overlord	1	Developer
asal	j-libutils	1	No specific role
asal	jode	0	Developer
asala	qooxdoo	0	Developer
asalamon	j2mereversi	1	No specific role
asalamon	antpp	1	No specific role
asalei	chinese-stroke	1	No specific role
asalidottk	adictionary	1	No specific role
asalines	genesim	0	Developer
asalvado	camus	0	Project Manager
asamanja	eqhook	0	Developer
asamanja	streamshield	0	Developer
asamardzic	tempo	1	No specific role
asambashir	vmacware	1	No specific role
asami	iso-relax	1	Developer
asammet	ejbbuilder	0	Developer
asamuel	vncr	1	Developer
asanchez-unf	strutstest	1	Project Manager
asanchezrg	jcolibri-cbr	1	Developer
asandberg	royaltymanager	1	No specific role
asandro	virtuality	1	No specific role
asandro	orbis-engine	1	No specific role
asangalk	sandamail	1	No specific role
asanhaji	opencap	1	Developer
asanka	wikiproject	0	Doc Writer
asanka_wasala	sinhala	0	Developer
asantos_2000	robots	1	No specific role
asanzdiego	jboolexpr	1	No specific role
asao_kamei	fmdb	1	No specific role
asaph	tentun	1	No specific role
asaph	disec	0	Developer
asari	fink	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
asarpkaya	cscommander	0	Developer
asarun	smarttable	1	Developer
asascho2k2	aerosys	0	Developer
asashouryu	demilink	1	No specific role
asasson	dumpling	1	No specific role
asau	dragonforth	0	Developer
asau	spf	1	Developer
asauvez	swingmapper	1	No specific role
asayama	libspe	0	Developer
asayar	crisisgrid	0	Developer
asayeed	proshee	1	No specific role
asayre8	runuo	0	Developer
asa_benhur	pyml	1	No specific role
asb002	kgsoft0kg3d	1	Web Designer
asb002	kg3d	0	Web Designer
asb2m10	seqdublin	1	No specific role
asbel	itadaki	1	No specific role
asbel	taka	1	Project Manager
asbelov	tvtime	0	Developer
asbin	ushare	1	Developer
asbin	testbanksystem	1	Project Manager
asbin	geexbox	0	Developer
asbjornbiz	lgctl	1	No specific role
asbjornbiz	bshttpd	1	No specific role
asbjornbiz	odbc-sak	1	No specific role
asbjornbiz	winfuse	1	No specific role
asbjornbiz	sf-ext	1	No specific role
asbjornbiz	remotecalendars	0	Developer
asbjornp	scanorama	1	No specific role
asbrar	xdms	1	No specific role
asbroad	tinyos	0	Developer
ascalon	tetra	1	No specific role
ascalon	tetratools	1	Developer
ascalon	bouncethis	1	No specific role
ascalon	lid	1	No specific role
ascampos	ror-brcms	1	Project Manager
ascara	papaya	0	Tester
ascaswell	efl	1	No specific role
asceai	megazeux	0	Developer
ascee_ro	svgftpclient	1	No specific role
asceltz	beauty-hair-mng	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
ascen	ascenpos	1	No specific role
ascendancy	guildbuilder	0	Editorial/Content Writer
aschacht	pavian	0	Developer
aschade	fedi	0	Developer
aschaeffer	amizilla	0	No specific role
aschauer	python-ldap	0	Developer
aschauerte	spsrecyclebin	0	Developer
ascheepe	rrd-mrtg-stats	1	No specific role
ascheepe	bsdstation	1	No specific role
ascheinberg	smallaxe	1	Project Manager
aschepis	invasionmmo	1	No specific role
aschild	jcyrusapi	1	No specific role
aschild	vncnlm	1	No specific role
aschild	xlsjdbc	1	No specific role
aschild	mod-log50x	1	No specific role
aschiller	pb-webmaui	1	Developer
aschilling	mupad-combinat	0	Developer
aschink	freecombatsim	1	No specific role
aschlag	freeburn	1	Project Manager
aschlapsi	sharprss	1	Developer
aschmolck	j-mode	1	No specific role
aschmolck	anyplot	1	No specific role
aschmolck	mlabwrap	1	No specific role
aschmuck	orderintegrator	1	Project Manager
aschmude	midpexpenses	1	No specific role
aschoeller	etvsm	1	No specific role
aschoen	ghmm	0	Developer
aschoen	omk	0	Developer
aschoerk	sudokume	1	No specific role
ascholz	yaesockets	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
ascholz	edt	1	Developer
aschorer	chaps	1	No specific role
aschosser	comvironment	0	Developer
aschreiber	provenance-csl	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
aschroeder	gmod	0	No specific role
aschuck	fotoflow	1	No specific role
aschultz	micomt	1	Developer
aschulz	pad	1	Project Manager
aschulz	lasange-system	1	Project Manager
aschuma	servletspy	1	No specific role
aschuma	ajstruts	1	No specific role
aschutz	expectperl	1	No specific role
aschwalm	metaportal	0	Developer
aschwartz	jgabl	1	Project Manager
aschwartz	emfutils	1	Project Manager
aschweer	expressions	1	No specific role
aschweer	freak427	1	No specific role
aschweer	mens	1	No specific role
aschwer	libmgr	1	Project Manager
aschwinn	cs-framework	0	Developer
ascii1011	smartypants	0	Developer
ascii27net	javacurses	1	Project Manager
ascii2k	universesim	1	No specific role
asciigirl	kflickr	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
asciikewl	getmedone	1	No specific role
asciikewl	skeem	1	Developer
asciimonster	firemonger	0	No specific role
asciix	javadungeon	1	Developer
asciiz	bdest	1	No specific role
ascii_	eth	1	Developer
ascii_	debmin	1	Developer
ascii_32	lamia	0	Developer
ascii_jrendon	clip-castellano	0	Unix Admin
asclabs	jgte	1	Developer
asclabs	swint	1	No specific role
asclabs	svl	1	No specific role
asclabs	ascphysics	1	No specific role
asclabs	ascjnuke	1	No specific role
asclabs	atena	1	No specific role
asclabs	phpgl	1	No specific role
asclabs	opengeo	1	No specific role
ascodev	asco	1	No specific role
ascripts	anews	1	No specific role
asczyrba	hobit	0	Developer
asd	squid	0	Developer
asdacoke	elgg	1	No specific role
asdegtiarev	cicqc	0	Developer
asdf29	digger-midp	1	No specific role
asdf42	ebay4sellers	1	Developer
asdf4711	bugflow	1	Project Manager
asdf4711	konfido	1	Project Manager
asdf4711	wapflow	1	Project Manager
asdfg789	hvk	0	Tester
asdfqwega	emc	0	Developer
asdrad	mutuxmschemadoc	0	Developer
asdrubali	elawmanager	0	Project Manager
asdrury	odpd	1	No specific role
asdus	square	1	Developer
asdus	yamc	1	No specific role
asdutton	gtkpod	0	Developer
ase2	gnuerp	0	Distributor/Promoter
aseeker	legendframework	1	Project Manager
aseemasthana	m2rss	1	No specific role
aseemrane	abhyaas	1	No specific role
aseemshakuntal	security-center	1	No specific role
aseesing	insectj	1	Developer
asega	funsh	0	Tester
aseila	healthcaresim	1	No specific role
aselkirk	gphoto	0	Developer
aselkirk	oje	1	No specific role
aselle	bacteria	1	No specific role
aselman	lms	0	Developer
aselshamy	flypersistence	1	No specific role
asemack	freeburner	0	Developer
asen	portalgen	0	Developer
asenci	weelouh	1	No specific role
asen_christov	tmva	0	Developer
asen_kovachev	opencxx	0	No specific role
aseovic	springnet	1	Developer
aseovic	springframework	0	Developer
aseovic	netcommon	1	Developer
asepn	gaple	0	Support Manager
asercensor	censoraser	1	No specific role
asereje	yagl	0	Developer
asergey	jungerl	1	Developer
asergey	oracaml	1	No specific role
aserran	floranta	0	No specific role
aserrano	plone-i18n	0	Developer
asethuraman	geneontology	0	No specific role
aseton	sst	1	No specific role
asevans77	xsd2als	1	No specific role
asevcnikar	isportal05	0	Developer
ase_isql	aseisql	1	No specific role
asfalt	xorath	0	Developer
asfalt	deltaircd	1	No specific role
asfalto	sysmond	1	No specific role
asfalto	ermixer	1	Developer
asfernandes	firebirdptbr	1	No specific role
asfernandes	firebird	0	Developer
asferreira	plandora	0	Developer
asfhy	jqemugui	1	No specific role
asfolcini	sflog	1	No specific role
asfolcini	sfljtse	1	No specific role
asforza4	gav	1	Project Manager
asforza4	asforza4	1	Project Manager
asforza4	mynos	1	Developer
asg	ftpproxy	1	No specific role
asgard6th	tourny	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
asgarot	s-p-i-n	1	Project Manager
asgarth	moonline	1	Project Manager
asgermn	convolver	0	Developer
asgh	clapf	1	No specific role
asgh	asgh	1	No specific role
asglx	pogu	1	No specific role
asgozzi	mymoviedb	1	No specific role
asgozzi	stringutils	1	No specific role
asgsoftlabs	asgsoftbb	1	No specific role
ash0602	oracle-apex	1	Developer
ash1000	the-fourm	1	No specific role
ash33	sqladhoc	1	Developer
ash484	noobstore	1	No specific role
ash4u8iit	iitkgpdd	1	No specific role
ashaan78	co2portal	1	No specific role
ashah11	smartstock	1	No specific role
ashankar	yellowleaf	1	Project Manager
ashanks	clayface	0	Developer
ashanks	saiko	1	Developer
ashant	sellerbay	1	No specific role
ashant	keepintouch	1	Developer
ashapira	lipivm	1	No specific role
ashapira	boxenv	1	No specific role
ashapira	renai	0	No specific role
ashapira	idvr	1	No specific role
ashapochka	cayenne	0	Developer
ashapochka	ashwood	1	No specific role
ashari	kbear	0	Developer
asharma25	ipmgmt	0	Developer
asharmacfl	vbpackcompile	0	Developer
asharpasharp	javaseis	0	Doc Writer
ashaw	polymer	1	No specific role
ashaw	slides	1	No specific role
ashawley	phpph	1	Developer
ashayk	jarmanagerapi	1	No specific role
ashayk	jsrecorder	1	No specific role
ashayk	jdicdesktop	1	No specific role
ashbee	lcdbase	0	Developer
ashberk	logalyzer	1	No specific role
ashberk	ash-toolkit	1	No specific role
ashberk	soundmachine	1	No specific role
ashcrow	pimfu	1	No specific role
ashcrow	xgnome	1	No specific role
ashcrow	darkfire	1	Project Manager
ashdigg	pligg	1	Project Manager
asheba	systemtest	1	Project Manager
asheh	evoke	1	No specific role
ashelton	deap	1	Project Manager
ashelton	nrao-sparrow	1	No specific role
ashen	foocore	1	Developer
asheneko	scarabbs	1	No specific role
ashenfad	dotsworld	1	Developer
ashenfad	spaceconquering	1	Developer
ashen_	grasshopper	1	Developer
ashen_shugar	onlinetool	0	Developer
ashep	pmycontacts	1	No specific role
ashepattern	mirro	1	No specific role
asherkin	ppwb	1	No specific role
asherzer	smartnet	0	Developer
ashesfall	jconf	1	No specific role
ashesfall	j3d	1	No specific role
ashevat	jdsf	1	No specific role
ashevat	jcomet	1	No specific role
ashevat	spring-dashboard	1	No specific role
ashevat	mantaray	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
ashevat	pisces	1	No specific role
ashevat	phpmq	1	Project Manager
ashfaq	hlawrapper	1	No specific role
ashforth	opensounding	1	No specific role
ashgarg	netdevgrp	1	No specific role
ashia	spa-ai	1	Project Manager
ashibaka	newgeekcode	1	Project Manager
ashibaka	shinobu	1	No specific role
ashieh	vegastrike	1	Developer
ashikase	nihongonirvana	1	Project Manager
ashikch	paralleleport	0	Developer
ashikuzzaman	pathshala	1	No specific role
ashimdai	dstviewer	1	No specific role
ashinohara	mirnadatabase	1	No specific role
ashinw	javaongems	1	No specific role
ashiq	makegenie	1	No specific role
ashiqak	masjid	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
ashiqanjum	clarens	0	No specific role
ashirazee	settlersx	0	Developer
ashirley	bess	0	No specific role
ashirwad	ashirwad	1	No specific role
ashish	dnc-two	0	Developer
ashishbanerjee	mflash	1	No specific role
ashishbanerjee	icd10	1	No specific role
ashishbanerjee	zediv	1	No specific role
ashishg55	acmgr	1	No specific role
ashishgupta	flacs	1	Project Manager
ashishis	w2pmedia	1	No specific role
ashishjindal	isdb	1	Project Manager
ashishkarnik	blackfoxom	0	Developer
ashishkarpe	bi-dir-pim	1	No specific role
ashishlijhara	ncbiviewer	1	No specific role
ashishravi	lan-sprawler	1	No specific role
ashishsriv	pklite	0	Developer
ashishsriv	dmailer	1	No specific role
ashishsriv	dbpopulator	1	No specific role
ashishsriv	daffodildb	1	Developer
ashishsriv	jhelpbuilder	1	Project Manager
ashishuttarwar	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
ashishwave	libdbi-drivers	0	Developer
ashishwave	lli	0	No specific role
ashishwave	bloodos	1	No specific role
ashish_77	utplsql	0	Developer
ashish_cy	cadkit	0	Developer
ashish_cy	jdps	1	Developer
ashish_kgp	ccnet	0	Developer
ashish_kulz	quantlib	0	Developer
ashish_kulz	linc	1	Project Manager
ashish_kulz	ebookreader	1	Developer
ashish_rajhans	octopus-ge	0	Developer
ashish_shanker	datahaul	0	Project Manager
ashish_sinha	security-center	0	Developer
ashish_s_india	plus-smtp	1	No specific role
ashish_s_india	fastflex	1	No specific role
ashkashlitwin	chaosrts	1	Project Manager
ashkbiz	usbdongle	1	No specific role
ashkbiz	yodap	1	Developer
ashkbiz	winmpi	1	No specific role
ashlar	aquarius-links	1	No specific role
ashlar_s	aimcrypt	1	No specific role
ashley-y	fink	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
ashley-y	soupserver	1	No specific role
ashley-y	hscheme	1	No specific role
ashley-y	haskell-i18n	1	No specific role
ashley-y	hbase	1	No specific role
ashley-y	jvm-bridge	1	Project Manager
ashley1559	furc	0	No specific role
ashleychapman	maverick	0	No specific role
ashleychoy	spylord	1	Project Manager
ashleygrant	sslexplorer	0	Support Technician
ashleyleonard	testconductor	0	Developer
ashleyleonard	hiserp	1	Developer
ashleymcgrath	icaro	0	All-Hands Person
ashleypoet	mypiki	1	No specific role
ashleyquick	siterecommender	1	No specific role
ashley_witter	shadowchildren	0	Graphic/Other Designer
ashmans	qatraq	1	Developer
ashmehr	recipeindexer	1	No specific role
ashmishra	wonder	0	No specific role
ashmodai	endzeit	1	Developer
ashmodai	phpcup	1	Developer
ashmore_dc	projecttrak	1	No specific role
ashmore_dc	cementj	1	No specific role
ashmore_dc	jxref	1	No specific role
ashmore_dc	threadworks	1	No specific role
ashnak	aajguestbook	0	Developer
ashnak	d2k	0	Developer
ashnazg	phpdocu	0	Developer
ashnod	postguestbook	1	Project Manager
asho101	mbsf	1	All-Hands Person
asho101	freeproserver	1	No specific role
ashodapakian	gluegel	1	No specific role
ashok84ia	talkonline	1	No specific role
ashokdur	samooha	0	Tester
ashokdur	nwpps2k6	0	Tester
ashokh	hawking	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
ashokkrishna	ionicfusion	0	No specific role
ashokkumar	ufs-linux	0	Developer
ashokm_83	fvs	0	Developer
ashokr	infiniband	0	Developer
ashokr	lhms	0	No specific role
ashok_s	pmml	1	Developer
ashok_s_das	oss-drivers	0	Developer
ashok_s_das	smproxy	1	No specific role
ashoonitte	shabdshilpa	1	Developer
ashoonitte	microburn	1	Unix Admin
ashore	openises	0	Project Manager
ashoyeh	nas4home	1	No specific role
ashoyeh	qref	0	Developer
ashparikh	fedi	0	Developer
ashpynov	miranda	0	Developer
ashr	nuker	1	No specific role
ashraf_ezzat	easystockarbic	1	Developer
ashraf_sufian	ar8n-glossary	0	No specific role
ashraya_gani	ysync	1	No specific role
ashreck	mucom	0	All-Hands Person
ashreck	mualum	1	No specific role
ashresort	ash-mvc	1	No specific role
ashretallack	shepherd	1	No specific role
ashri	gridnegotiation	1	No specific role
ashri	trustsmart	1	No specific role
ashtong	bandsaw	1	Developer
ashtong	spamtrainer	1	No specific role
ashtong	hacksaw	1	No specific role
ashtong	fakemail	1	No specific role
ashtong	landialler	1	No specific role
ashu07	book4axis	0	Developer
ashuang	xmailbox	1	No specific role
ashuang	pybluetooth	1	No specific role
ashuang	dltool	1	No specific role
ashuber	geovistastudio	0	Developer
ashukuls	kmlshare	1	No specific role
ashuro	lug-bg	0	Developer
ashusta	ucsc-cmps109	1	No specific role
ashutom	firestormos	0	Developer
ashutosh9910	wceditor	1	No specific role
ashutoshjha	dostgi	1	No specific role
ashutoshsri	oide	1	No specific role
ashutosh_das	openbrr	0	Developer
ashvil	ngoid	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
ashvin	mxtraf	0	No specific role
ashvin	forensix	1	Developer
ashvin	gscope	1	No specific role
ashvin	records	1	No specific role
ashwani_raina	openwale	1	No specific role
ashwilliam	mmo-mnc	0	No specific role
ashwillis	kenjin	1	No specific role
ashwin	agu	0	No specific role
ashwini	tcl	0	No specific role
ashwini	tktoolkit	0	No specific role
ashwinibhagwat	xenonide	0	Developer
ashwin_baskaran	jframework	0	Project Manager
ashwin_c	enterprise-doms	1	No specific role
ashwin_c	minierp	1	No specific role
ashy	gnorlok	0	Tester
ash_	zframe	1	No specific role
ash_	nighthawk	1	Project Manager
ash_1_2	ruenscapehelper	1	No specific role
ash_ketchum	ultimatefantasy	1	No specific role
ash_resort	phpappl	0	Developer
asia	brephp	1	All-Hands Person
asiane	ndkp	1	No specific role
asianeagle	eaglenews	1	No specific role
asiate	amap	0	Developer
asiavu3	calsim	0	No specific role
asicath	mobilerpg	1	No specific role
asicath	memud	1	No specific role
asicath	palmqabalah	1	No specific role
asicath	incarnate	1	No specific role
asiccardi	mailsh	0	Developer
asiches	previsor	1	User Interface (UI) Designer
asidun	mpphp	1	Developer
asiegel	cgsuite	1	Developer
asielb	testlink	0	Developer
asier02	xcrabble	1	No specific role
asiercu	structuredorum	1	No specific role
asierguti	invenire	1	No specific role
asierllano	beatman	1	No specific role
asifakhtar	obsenc	1	No specific role
asifgoldpk	jdevbana	1	No specific role
asifgoldpk	scorebook	1	No specific role
asifh	nomad1	0	Developer
asifjaan	clarens	0	Developer
asifsaleem	gridsam	0	Developer
asifsaleem	e-maas	1	No specific role
asigel	semblog	1	Developer
asills	squishyforums	1	All-Hands Person
asilver	tgdgrpg	1	Developer
asimbaig	catsone	1	No specific role
asimbaig	libsmbconfig	1	No specific role
asimbirt	epp-rtk	0	Developer
asimjalis	mdef	1	No specific role
asimjalis	seattlexp	1	No specific role
asimjalis	cutest	1	No specific role
asimkadav	penguinnas	0	Developer
asimkadav	firestormos	0	Developer
asimkin	morcal	0	No specific role
asimon	armedbear-j	0	Developer
asimov	zige	0	Developer
asimperson	crfh	1	Developer
asimshankar	annie	1	No specific role
asimzeeshan	vcds	1	Project Manager
asinav	coldb	1	No specific role
asinclai	egadss	0	Project Manager
asinclai	tap-apps	1	Project Manager
asindico	mjpf	1	No specific role
asindico	aspectp	1	No specific role
asingh	sawaljawab	1	Developer
asiniscalchi	toshiba-fn	1	Developer
asirbu	wsmx	0	Developer
asiriw	vmtlinux	0	Developer
asitha	woodpecker	1	No specific role
asiufy	phpcollector	1	No specific role
asix	st4nk	0	Developer
asix	omnivore	0	No specific role
asizo	creativewiki	1	Developer
asjones	ezupdate	1	No specific role
asjrw22	cs401cve	1	Developer
ask	dinamed	1	No specific role
ask	perl-qa	1	No specific role
ask	faqomatic	1	All-Hands Person
ask	formmail	1	No specific role
ask	empegify	1	No specific role
ask	spam	1	Project Manager
ask	apachemp3	1	Developer
ask83	cdserver	1	No specific role
askadar	retina	1	No specific role
askalski	libmcal	0	No specific role
askary-oss	wsbpeltc	0	No specific role
askat	adminibs	1	No specific role
askeeto	ecomicreader	1	No specific role
askept	nimuqc	1	No specific role
asker	alternatif	1	No specific role
askex2056	fastrix	1	All-Hands Person
askgopal	sqldump	1	No specific role
askgupta82	astman	0	Developer
askh	cd2image	1	No specific role
askinsm	weblistmanager	1	No specific role
askinsm	universelib	1	Developer
askman	binar	1	No specific role
askoan	najitool	0	Developer
askoning	bibsite	1	No specific role
askoning	in1660	1	Developer
askonsamuze	webnetadmin	1	No specific role
askot	dacbd	1	Project Manager
asko_	fw2d	0	Developer
askrajno	gronospy	1	No specific role
askrius	prdbt	1	No specific role
askrius	acdrparser	1	No specific role
askrobek	stratadata	1	Project Manager
asksubbu	logfunnel	1	No specific role
asksubbu	thinksigma	1	No specific role
askulysh	linuxsh	0	Developer
askusa	ondex	0	Developer
askwar	rates4linux	1	Project Manager
ask_ahmed	vtigercrm	0	Developer
asl	libexif	0	Developer
asl	enodes	0	Unix Admin
asl	elks	0	No specific role
asl	gphoto	0	Developer
asl2	tyrannioware	1	No specific role
aslak	imspector	1	No specific role
aslak	smoothwall	1	Developer
aslamhk	webmeeting	1	No specific role
aslamparvez	sednap2p	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
aslam_ps	libsoft	1	No specific role
aslangeri	datagenerator	0	Developer
aslani_dk	openbroad	1	No specific role
aslattery	daemonmanager	1	No specific role
asledge	nsmonitor	1	No specific role
asledge	helpdesk-4d	1	No specific role
asleep	ntfm	1	No specific role
asleep	osxpal	1	No specific role
asleep	virix	1	Project Manager
asleep	viaimage	1	Project Manager
asleep	cbenchx	1	No specific role
asleep	smirc	1	No specific role
asleep	lft	1	No specific role
asleep	wmpal	1	Project Manager
asleep	xscreensaverapp	1	No specific role
asleep	asbench	1	No specific role
asleep	binaryphp	1	Project Manager
asleep	phirclient	1	No specific role
asleinius	gramps	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
asleo	jlibdc1394	0	Developer
asleson	taconite	1	No specific role
aslett	psuprog	1	No specific role
aslett	gusdev	0	Developer
aslett	genedb	1	No specific role
asllan_rejzi	plone-i18n	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
asloane	eli-project	1	Developer
aslogg	sinn	1	No specific role
aslom	nntprss	0	Developer
aslom	openjaxb	1	No specific role
aslom	saxbench	1	No specific role
aslom	gpel	1	No specific role
aslom	xp2	1	No specific role
aslom	xni2xmlpull	1	No specific role
aslom	wss4j	0	Developer
aslusarczyk	bnpp	0	No specific role
asl__	ggnfs	1	Developer
asm-x	idocs	1	No specific role
asm0	manga	1	Developer
asmadius	spook-cms	1	No specific role
asmadius	frapos	1	Unix Admin
asmala	boatrally	1	Developer
asmaloney	ayttm	0	Developer
asmand	revratio	0	No specific role
asmarzewski	kadu	0	Developer
asmcoder8088	bc3	1	No specific role
asmcos	egui	1	No specific role
asmcos	cnix	1	No specific role
asmecher	ojs2	1	No specific role
asmedes	manux	0	Developer
asmedes	toolforge	1	Project Manager
asmedes	socrates-qe	0	Developer
asmeye7	instalador	1	No specific role
asmig	mancala-perl	0	No specific role
asmig	bashwatch	0	Tester
asminhas	projectzerok	0	Developer
asmir	jrapid	0	Tester
asmitak	indlinux	0	Graphic/Other Designer
asmith2001	phptoc	1	No specific role
asmith2001	modwaste	1	Developer
asmith2001	mutewastehybrid	0	Developer
asmodai	pkgsrc-wip	0	No specific role
asmodai	paws	1	No specific role
asmodai	tuxnes	0	Developer
asmodeanreborn	falsity	1	No specific role
asmodee	sqlbizorg	1	No specific role
asmodehn	jsynoptic	0	No specific role
asmodehn	osdl	0	Developer
asmok	openoffice-fi	1	Project Manager
asmolar	atascii	1	No specific role
asmolar	arps	1	No specific role
asmolar	emufe	1	No specific role
asmo_	fx2designer	1	No specific role
asmund_skalevik	pasgear2	1	No specific role
asmuts	jpolycache	1	No specific role
asmuts	jcs-plugins	1	No specific role
asnagy	erulds	1	No specific role
asnagy	webed-ide	1	No specific role
asnepvangers	jvcl	0	Developer
asnoka	snowbros	1	No specific role
asnshipon	openkore	0	Web Designer
asnyatkov	wxtl	1	Developer
asoaresj	squidrh	0	Developer
asoftprose	streamrippergui	1	No specific role
asogor	keptar	1	No specific role
asogor	themoses	1	No specific role
asoinio	ultiorganizer	1	Developer
asola	bootman	1	No specific role
asola	foredoclet	1	Project Manager
asola	formhammer	1	No specific role
asolano	newxmippdoc	1	All-Hands Person
asolano	newxmipp	1	All-Hands Person
asolo	proposall	0	Developer
asolomon	linuxgym	1	Developer
asolovyev	gkismet	1	No specific role
asomogyi	latextedit	1	No specific role
asomogyi	numerator	1	No specific role
asone	thedata	0	Developer
asorge	cellular1	1	Tester
asoto	autopatch	0	No specific role
asouzaaguiar	opensub	1	No specific role
asouzis	rx4rdf	1	All-Hands Person
asp-hoover	aspnukesql	0	No specific role
aspa	kvanttisms	1	No specific role
aspale	accessgrid	0	Tester
aspankus	vcs-com-unit	0	Developer
aspankus	cda4j	1	No specific role
asparagi	squeak	1	Developer
asparker	bt-thud	1	Project Manager
aspbyte	advancedbb2002	0	Developer
aspbyte	openphpauction	0	All-Hands Person
aspbyte	webcomp	0	Developer
aspencloud	wsdaq	1	No specific role
aspencloud	calypsorcp	1	No specific role
aspencloud	jmono	1	No specific role
aspengler	pricingnexus	0	Developer
aspera	ehd	0	Analysis / Design
asperon	e107	1	Developer
aspfreak	mshop	1	Developer
aspfreak	phphosting	1	Developer
aspfreak	urlrewritingasp	1	Developer
aspfreak	aspfreakautoupd	1	Project Manager
aspfreak	aspfreaksts	1	Project Manager
aspi	speedymail	1	No specific role
aspiering	nteam	1	Developer
aspiers	newsbox	0	Developer
aspiers	phexplain	1	No specific role
aspin	wallerscript	0	Developer
aspinall	pilrcedit	1	Project Manager
aspinei	wordissimo	1	No specific role
aspinei	ant-contrib	0	Developer
aspirant	lincmd	1	No specific role
aspirant	mltool	1	No specific role
aspirant	vvfstat	1	No specific role
aspiration	mtbrowser	0	Developer
aspirevishal	saipacs	1	Developer
aspirin	opende	0	Developer
asplenium	seqalign	0	Developer
aspnetgeek	nteam	0	No specific role
aspnuke	aspnukesql	1	Developer
aspoerl	xoplon	0	No specific role
aspotton	clamrt	1	No specific role
asppundit	ecat4ccnow	0	No specific role
aspriel	wvcs	1	No specific role
aspsmith	nettiers	0	Developer
aspwatcher	aspwatcher	1	No specific role
aspwatcher	hotpile	1	All-Hands Person
aspwebsoft	speedyaspforum	1	No specific role
aspydell	jas	1	Project Manager
asquire	zsnes-docs	0	Doc Writer
asquithea	wcdba	1	No specific role
asr	aiptektablet	1	Project Manager
asr	basc	1	Project Manager
asr00	anturio	1	No specific role
asr00	solver-calc	1	No specific role
asrabatup	phpmycatalog	0	Developer
asrail	watc	1	Developer
asrail	indigente	1	Developer
asraniel	gfire	1	Project Manager
asraniel	libxfire	1	No specific role
asreenu	projectviewer	1	No specific role
asreng	ouk	1	Developer
asrgomes	profiler4j	1	No specific role
asrgomes	sntool	1	Project Manager
asrgomes	jwebportal	1	No specific role
asric	impfarm	0	Developer
asriley	openagent	1	No specific role
asrsorbier	sticsperformer	0	Developer
asruls	myenvolution	1	No specific role
ass3aad	acss	1	Project Manager
ass3mbl3r	uuu	0	Developer
assa	xerion	1	No specific role
assaf-lehr	jgrapht	0	Developer
assaf-lehr	remoteconnect	1	No specific role
assaf-oss	wsbpeltc	0	No specific role
assaflavie	lingua	1	No specific role
assaflavie	distjc	1	Project Manager
assaf_nativ	ida-udraw	1	No specific role
assall	woped	0	Developer
assankinau	openfirmware	0	No specific role
assarbad	windirstat	1	Developer
assarbad	dblkill	1	Developer
assarbad	de-delphi	1	Project Manager
assarbad	erd-smss	1	Project Manager
assarbad	jedi-apilib	1	All-Hands Person
assarbad	ultravnc	0	Web Designer
assassine	madchat	0	Editorial/Content Writer
assault2	bigbrowser	1	No specific role
assbear	ipchanger	1	No specific role
assel	sawoian	0	No specific role
assemalmizeab	ammt	1	Requirements Engineering
assemalmizeab	madafw	1	No specific role
assemalmizeab	media-tester	1	No specific role
assemble	yabb	0	Developer
assemble	templateengine	1	Project Manager
assembler	v2os	0	No specific role
assembly-trauma	oasml	1	No specific role
assemblyownsyou	deejay	0	No specific role
assemblyownsyou	glaucomy	0	No specific role
assemhassan	zaradius	1	Developer
assen	sxp	1	No specific role
assert	powerpost	1	No specific role
assert	parchive	0	No specific role
assia2005	mlamjarh	0	Developer
assif	yarp0	0	Developer
assil	rndcareergame	1	Project Manager
assimetric	shpconvertor	1	No specific role
assimil8or	edu-projects	1	No specific role
assimil8or	open-beos	0	Developer
assimil8or	ev0lution	1	All-Hands Person
assire	asterwin	1	Developer
asskick	codstats	1	No specific role
assman	jail	1	All-Hands Person
assmann	reuseware	0	No specific role
assmann	recoder	0	Developer
assmann	compostfrwork	1	Developer
assmann	optimix	1	Project Manager
assotut	allscripts	0	Developer
assoupis	casse	1	No specific role
asso_w	tine	1	All-Hands Person
assw	pcseries	1	No specific role
assyriann	austhex	0	Developer
ast0r	routix	0	Developer
astacala	astacala	1	No specific role
astahlhut	hibernate	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
astahlhut	plstrutsit	0	Developer
astaldaran	lsop	1	Project Manager
astalime	ruoohelp	0	No specific role
astanro	seek-h262	1	No specific role
astapov	haskell-libs	0	Developer
astapov	freecoins	0	Developer
astar	enumerations	1	No specific role
astaroth_rm	tigerapi	0	Developer
astar_	the7bind	1	No specific role
astauber	openhpi	0	Developer
astbill	asterisk4work	1	No specific role
astbill	astbill	1	No specific role
astcomm	evolution-osx	1	No specific role
asteinberg	ultimatefrisbee	1	Developer
astell	geoblock	0	Graphic/Other Designer
astellar	php-crawler	1	No specific role
astennu	phpwife	1	No specific role
astennu	coretemplate	1	Project Manager
astepane	mpt	1	No specific role
asterick	pytari	1	No specific role
asterick	sphere	0	Developer
asterick	gear-emu	1	No specific role
asteriotanaka	postgeoolap	1	No specific role
asterisk	beanbot	1	Developer
asterisk85570	asterisk-gui	1	No specific role
asteriskvoip	asteriskvoip	1	No specific role
asteroid	canopus	1	No specific role
asteroth12	glbl32	1	No specific role
aster_x	fajax	1	No specific role
astest	biosig	0	Developer
astew	nmrc-gs	1	Project Manager
astgl	astengine	1	No specific role
asthana	netdevgrp	0	Developer
asthomps	golib	1	Project Manager
astillax	sil	0	Developer
astiob	astiob	1	All-Hands Person
astiob	amath	1	All-Hands Person
astle	tacoplex	1	No specific role
astle	wigwam	0	Developer
astleynj	open-efb	1	Developer
astoffel	mbmsamurize	1	Developer
astoker	wsdl2cobol	1	No specific role
astoll	maven-replace	1	No specific role
astoltzfus	cdatlib	1	Project Manager
aston127	mxplugin	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
astone42	anbu	1	No specific role
astone42	loreandlutes	1	No specific role
astone42	tacticon	1	No specific role
astone42	fcards	1	No specific role
astonephus	ungoliant	0	Web Designer
astonerbum	octopus-ge	0	Developer
astonia	bian	1	No specific role
aston_roberts	opentaxsolver	1	No specific role
astorq	devlib	1	Developer
astorz	tribana	1	Developer
astor_p	findx1k	1	No specific role
astor_pg	weso	0	Developer
astoyanov	codelens	1	All-Hands Person
astpierre	agent450	1	Developer
astr0	mub	1	Project Manager
astra-design	motorcms-f	1	No specific role
astrada	ex-nunc	1	Project Manager
astralissimo	laptoplinux	0	Developer
astralmage	astraldragon	1	No specific role
astranaut	trafficcounter	0	Developer
astrand	vnc-tight	0	Developer
astrand	libtirpc	1	No specific role
astrand	pythondialog	1	Project Manager
astrand	python	0	No specific role
astrand	rdesktop	0	Developer
astrand	oncrpc-ms	1	No specific role
astrand	nrpent	0	Developer
astrand	svntoolbox	1	No specific role
astrang	icme	0	No specific role
astranomina	jar-it	1	No specific role
astranomina	x-menuar	1	No specific role
astrapi	portabledia	1	No specific role
astrapi69	greekchareditor	1	No specific role
astrapi69	freshtrash	1	No specific role
astratis	jwchat	0	Developer
astraw	pyosg	1	Project Manager
astraw	visionegg	1	No specific role
astraw	matplotlib	0	Developer
astray	mm2d	0	Developer
astrichb	segusoland	0	Developer
astridbenko	venividiwiki	0	Project Manager
astridemma	arianne	0	Developer
astrid_emde	mapbender	1	Developer
astrid_emde	mapstorer	0	Project Manager
astrinux	pbxbilling	1	No specific role
astro28	lovecms	1	No specific role
astro96	cancelclock	1	No specific role
astroboy2	mille-xterm	0	Developer
astroboy76	dvejxta	1	Project Manager
astroboy76	marblenmadness	1	No specific role
astrochaos	dubengine	0	Developer
astrocosm	coinbeast	0	No specific role
astrodud	jasteroids3d	1	No specific role
astrodud	yajalife	1	No specific role
astrodud	xneoterics	1	No specific role
astroimager	jfits	1	No specific role
astrometric	textwiz	1	No specific role
astronic	gpu	0	Developer
astronot	bluetools	1	No specific role
astronouth7303	im-status	1	No specific role
astronouth7303	ifi-picloader	1	Developer
astronouth7303	gmailsig	0	Developer
astronouth7303	furc	1	Developer
astronouth7303	firstclipse	1	No specific role
astronouth7303	tshplugin	0	Developer
astronouth7303	vbtalk	1	No specific role
astronouth7303	openfirst	1	Developer
astronouth7303	t83	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
astronouth7303	lincars	1	No specific role
astropnik	isportal05	0	Developer
astroseries	astroseries	1	No specific role
astrosmurf	motopain	1	No specific role
astrotrf	tdial	0	Developer
astroview	python3ds	1	No specific role
astroza	orixbot	1	No specific role
astryad	phpmpc	1	No specific role
astucia_gdt	gdt	0	Developer
astuden	daqpp	0	Developer
astupidog	csite	1	No specific role
astupidog	almail	1	No specific role
asturias	openxava	0	Developer
asturmann	venividiwiki	0	No specific role
astxist	fakenes	0	No specific role
astyanax	cmatrix	1	No specific role
astyanax	nano	1	No specific role
astyonax	kclipbrowser	1	No specific role
asu	tinyos	0	Developer
asual	enflash	1	Project Manager
asual	enlarge	1	No specific role
asual	swfaddress	1	No specific role
asuan	aplaws	0	Support Manager
asubstitute	blogwrite	1	Project Manager
asuder	vmta	1	No specific role
asudhirs	openxri	0	Developer
asuecet	asuecetpublish	1	Developer
asui4tong	ezedgrid	1	No specific role
asuleman	bodington	0	Developer
asuleman	taorluath	1	Developer
asuleman	socket	1	Developer
asuleman	guanxi	0	Developer
asulis	spagobi	1	Developer
asupinsk	opendiver	0	No specific role
asura77	gem4mac	0	No specific role
asuraparaju	aaf	0	Developer
asuraparaju	libbsb	0	Developer
asuraparaju	dirac	1	Developer
asuraparaju	mpeg2videotools	1	Developer
asuraparaju	mxflib	0	Developer
asurosv	roa	1	No specific role
asur_coder	oss-assessment	0	All-Hands Person
asus-	libband	1	No specific role
asus-	libconnect	1	No specific role
asus-	wepkc	1	No specific role
asus-	elf-encrypter	1	No specific role
asus-	dccgetter	1	No specific role
asutedja	gods	0	Developer
asux	xafe	1	No specific role
asu_fo	dynsched	1	Developer
asv108	lionshare	1	Developer
asveik	libzbtfb	1	No specific role
asveik	ptyaim	1	No specific role
asvetlov	ocean	1	No specific role
asvetlov	stufflib	1	Project Manager
asw0210	dufchat	0	Tester
asw28	xcsoar	0	Developer
aswam	sound-wavelets	1	No specific role
aswami	zenphony09252k6	0	Doc Writer
aswami	propmagic	1	No specific role
aswan	openmash	0	Developer
aswathyv	akshara	1	No specific role
aswell	ebnfvisualizer	1	No specific role
aswinanand	easylang	1	Unix Admin
aswinanand	thendral	1	Developer
aswinnen	wmcontrol	1	No specific role
aswinnen	javasim	1	Project Manager
aswsyst	docbook	0	Developer
asx	ninbot	0	Developer
asyd	ejbca	0	Developer
asylia	asylia	1	No specific role
asymeon	agentacademy	1	Developer
asymeon	aadataminer	1	Developer
asymko	sds-file	0	No specific role
asymko	sim-control	0	No specific role
asymko	jobmgr	0	Developer
async	abrowse	1	No specific role
asynchrony	makochat	1	No specific role
asyncster	masst	1	Developer
asyncster	authlite	1	No specific role
asynth	supercollider	1	Project Manager
asyntote	ckript	1	No specific role
asyntote	cnclib	1	Developer
asyntote	gkript	1	No specific role
asyntote	gkp	1	No specific role
asyriel	crazyircd	0	Developer
asyriel	wxssl	0	Developer
aszlig	wpdev	0	Developer
aszlig	tetradraw	1	No specific role
aszora	moodle	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
as_pushkin	soneika	1	No specific role
as_tiwari	jxquick	0	No specific role
at0me	ikat3d	0	Developer
at18326	gecko-fbrowser	1	No specific role
at51prog	mspgccextra	1	Project Manager
at51prog	at51programmer	1	No specific role
at6	paxmx	1	No specific role
at6	leetmx	1	Developer
at884	ambient	0	Developer
atacama	resonance	1	No specific role
atacama2	suni	1	No specific role
atacama93	soccerphone	1	All-Hands Person
atacama93	phoneblogger	1	No specific role
atad	equim	0	No specific role
atadatah	ojdc	1	Developer
atadros	e-ark	0	Developer
atagar	noc-norade	1	No specific role
atai	gpaint	1	No specific role
ataide	arteduca	1	Graphic/Other Designer
atakadmin	atak	1	No specific role
atakamat	scooby	1	No specific role
atakamat	silverwing	1	No specific role
atakeuchi	simbio	0	No specific role
atalagk	pathos-web	1	Project Manager
atalagk	hmut-tr	1	No specific role
atalagk	cerebrus-fp6	1	Project Manager
atalagk	freeterminology	1	No specific role
atalavera	emesene	0	Developer
ataleb	cafeterra	1	Project Manager
atalfir	dem	0	Developer
atalpur	xite	0	No specific role
atamaillon	outlook-synchro	1	No specific role
atamaniuk	bodyofmethods	1	Developer
atamaniuk	portrookies	0	Developer
atamaniuk	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
atamborindeguy	ort-conquest	1	No specific role
atanacs	slicer	0	Developer
atanas_ilchev	cybercore	1	No specific role
atang	pdmweb	0	Developer
atangel	passwordsafe	0	Doc Writer
atani	cadcdev	0	Developer
atani	wwiv	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
atani	atsoft	1	All-Hands Person
atanveer	sysame	1	No specific role
atanveer	eproman	1	No specific role
atany	conf-db	1	No specific role
atao	firemen	0	No specific role
atao	orion3d	0	No specific role
atao2	keel	0	Developer
atapattu	nws-py	1	Developer
atapattu	nws-r	1	Developer
ataqlibert	dragonzord	1	No specific role
ataraxiste	greetings	1	Developer
atari1984	distme	0	Developer
atariman	ademi	1	No specific role
atarimax	microusb	0	Tester
atarimike	newchart	1	No specific role
atark	xgalaga-sdl	1	No specific role
atark	sdlperl	1	No specific role
atashi	driftnburn	1	No specific role
ataton	biolingua	0	Developer
ataxexe	jatascripts	1	No specific role
atb21	emushownet	1	No specific role
atbozzo	ldglite	0	Developer
atcach	gud	1	Developer
atcat	i-snape	1	No specific role
atch71	gsr	0	Tester
atcl	xizero	1	No specific role
atconsultancy	cowloop	1	No specific role
atconsultancy	atmission	1	No specific role
atcurtis	posix2	1	No specific role
atcurtis	threedeemuck	1	Project Manager
atdc98	penguincp	0	Developer
atdrez	nbrpg	1	No specific role
atdrez	hidra	1	No specific role
atdt911	rpgcl	1	No specific role
ate	softvp	1	Developer
atealtha	dbinitiator	1	No specific role
ateamszglab	a-lemmings	1	No specific role
atec	mathlib	0	Developer
atech	spacemapper	0	Developer
ated	irisdb	1	Developer
atee	denemo	1	Project Manager
atefkabani	hima4all	0	Developer
ateijelo	tetrik	1	No specific role
atelierfabien	ismo	0	No specific role
atelles	eclipsesql	1	Developer
atellezf	jdbctester	1	No specific role
atellezf	htconf	1	Project Manager
atellezf	sciense	1	No specific role
atemple	robberval	1	No specific role
atenderholt	pyspline	1	Developer
atenderholt	pydespike	1	No specific role
atenderholt	pymolyze	1	Developer
atenderholt	kemistry	0	Developer
atenderholt	cclib	1	Developer
atenek	minxgui	1	No specific role
ateneo2007	contarte	1	No specific role
ateng	syncbkmk	1	No specific role
ateoh	dspsr	0	No specific role
ateoh	psrchive	0	No specific role
ateppo	mhptester	1	Project Manager
ateras	mdv	0	Developer
aterriblechaos	buildformfromsq	1	No specific role
ateshyu	cetuslink	1	No specific role
ateslenko	hostcontrol	0	Developer
ateslik	openwebmail	1	Project Manager
atessier	glgen	1	No specific role
atessier	myhealth	1	No specific role
atesti	gwt-jsonizer	1	No specific role
atfield	eckit	1	Developer
ath1	xharbour	0	No specific role
athaliah	dixshtix-midi	0	Doc Writer
athalwulf	qeasydb	0	Developer
athan0r	ogamemanager	1	No specific role
athan0r	gwteammanager	1	No specific role
athanagor	comasys-cms	1	No specific role
athanazio	jajaf	1	No specific role
athantor	fs-tester	1	No specific role
athas	spaceranger	1	Developer
athas	gnusay	1	No specific role
athas	apterm	0	Developer
atheken	shp2kml	1	No specific role
atheken	nts	0	No specific role
athena18	j2eeforum	0	Developer
athena913	vert	0	Developer
athenasoft	mysqlauction	0	Developer
athenasoft	smartinteract	1	No specific role
athenasoft	httpfilemanager	1	No specific role
athenrad	projectserver	0	Web Designer
athens27	papco	0	Developer
athens_mlf	ag-mlf	1	No specific role
athenz	aswebcontrol	1	No specific role
atheros_greg	madwifi	1	Developer
atheurer	lse	1	Developer
athfar	contentiv	1	Developer
athiator	xmds	1	Developer
athiede	xtv	1	No specific role
athiem	codekb	1	No specific role
athlonrob	supybot	0	Tester
athlonscripts	athlonforums	1	No specific role
athlonscripts	hermesweb	0	Developer
athlon_markus	fwshell	1	Project Manager
athnariel	edemps	0	Developer
athomas24	empris	1	No specific role
athomasgoldberg	ai-standards	0	Developer
athomasonx	xmms-syncup	1	No specific role
athomasonx	freenetmail	1	Project Manager
athompso777	rendezvous	1	Project Manager
athompso777	datashare	1	Project Manager
athorsen	poopdeck	1	No specific role
athos	mjpeg	0	Developer
athos	soma	0	No specific role
athoum	sitemap-google	1	No specific role
athp	sweep	0	Developer
athp	hoc	1	Developer
athp	xine	0	Developer
athro	proteinmusic	1	No specific role
athul	snaketour	0	Developer
athur	kodakpcd	1	Developer
atiangco	stencyc	0	Developer
atifaziz	nantcontrib	0	Developer
atifmemon	terpspreadsheet	1	No specific role
atifmemon	terppaint	1	No specific role
atifmemon	terpmanager	1	No specific role
atifmemon	terpoffice	1	No specific role
atifmemon	terpcalc	1	No specific role
atifmemon	terppresent	1	No specific role
atifmemon	guitar	1	No specific role
atifsiddiqui	unreal-im	1	No specific role
atif_mehmood	clarens	0	Developer
atige	webfolio	1	Developer
atijms	jdawn	1	No specific role
atijms	phpbb2servlet	1	No specific role
atijms	glyphedit	1	No specific role
atilakaya	racerproject	1	Project Manager
atilaromero	shasummer	1	Project Manager
atilaromero	bagualisp	1	No specific role
atilghma	dixshtix-midi	0	Developer
atilla000	javasim	0	Developer
atillaelci	emulinux	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
atillamoenduran	easytpl	1	No specific role
atillayilmaz	netdesigner	1	No specific role
atilli	lan-gsm	1	No specific role
atimesa	humane	0	No specific role
atimgallery	atimgallery	1	No specific role
atinkham	tde	0	No specific role
atiounkine	xirlinkwebcam	1	No specific role
atiounkine	ppms	0	Project Manager
atiqe	mastoo	0	Developer
atirc	circo	1	No specific role
ativey	psuprog	0	No specific role
ativey	genedb	1	No specific role
ativey	gusdev	0	Developer
ativey	annotationquery	1	No specific role
atiware	mbeqwa	1	No specific role
atiwari	lpos	0	No specific role
ati_shahani	maths	1	Project Manager
ati_shahani	cooptrade	1	Project Manager
ati_shahani	a2c	1	Project Manager
ati_x	lemmings17	0	No specific role
atjb	enyware	1	Distributor/Promoter
atjulius	qnxplugins	0	Developer
atk	lpr-bash	1	No specific role
atk-big-j	gwtotal	1	Developer
atkaaz	demlinks	1	No specific role
atkaaz	userkid	1	No specific role
atkac	xrfb	1	No specific role
atkiller	condai	0	Developer
atkinson	takocompiler	0	Developer
atkinson_b2	meta-jb	0	Developer
atk_forum	aztek	1	No specific role
atla	isoplain	1	No specific role
atlanta800	compsertrac	1	No specific role
atlantico	firoz	0	Developer
atlantico	getpress	1	No specific role
atlantisal	snetmon	1	No specific role
atlantisal	stl-xml	1	Developer
atlantisrogue	archman	1	Project Manager
atlantos	vpn-shaper	1	No specific role
atlasinformatic	a-r-a-p	1	No specific role
atlaste	xiso	1	No specific role
atlbrian75	gadventure	0	Developer
atlbrian75	gadvent	0	Developer
atleb	multiecosim	0	Developer
atlescripts	phpincludes	1	No specific role
atlescripts	atlescripts	1	No specific role
atleta	mutra	1	No specific role
atleta	spamtrain	1	No specific role
atleta	jfaq	1	No specific role
atleta	freesafe	1	No specific role
atleta	trapper	1	No specific role
atleta-digital	redituga	1	No specific role
atlka	miniwm	1	No specific role
atlsys	atlantistalker	1	No specific role
atlucas1	fsnator	0	Developer
atma	ircstat	0	Developer
atmabodha	shaktikendra	1	No specific role
atmaniak	weby	1	No specific role
atmankai	ziano	1	No specific role
atmaram	cockatoo	0	No specific role
atmavidya	flashacc	1	No specific role
atmer	hoppolek	0	Developer
atmosfear	mplayer	0	Developer
atmosfera	atmosfera	1	No specific role
atmosphere	evidence	0	No specific role
atmosphere	enlightenment	1	Developer
atmosphere001	securetypc	1	Developer
atmosphere001	crystaldesktop	1	Developer
atms	cadopy	1	Developer
atmuc	clanmanage	0	Developer
atmulyana	jstable	1	No specific role
atmulyana	atjsmenu	1	No specific role
atnak	deinterlace	0	Developer
atniemi	atniemi	1	No specific role
atniemi	pc-calculator	1	No specific role
atnrobichaud	robotflow	0	Developer
ato	mpegplus	1	Project Manager
atodorovic	swgemu	1	No specific role
atogbe	rssmailer	0	No specific role
atoji	quem	1	No specific role
atokhy	sulu-lang	0	Developer
atoku	parseconflib	1	No specific role
atoku	opencfd	0	Developer
atolfsen	thix	1	All-Hands Person
atolm	tgonline	0	Developer
atolopko	mallet	1	Developer
atolopko	phygen	1	No specific role
atom1	mminefinder	1	Project Manager
atom1c	gnomk	0	No specific role
atomalty	tftp	1	No specific role
atomar	gccc	1	No specific role
atomgas	pulpo	1	Developer
atomhangya	harmon	0	Developer
atomic2004	asphyxia	1	Analysis / Design
atomic2004	antfly	0	Developer
atomical	ajaxboard	1	No specific role
atomical	phpolrpg	1	No specific role
atomicdragon	gameblade	0	Developer
atomicdragon	blaxorrpg	1	No specific role
atomice	alise	1	No specific role
atomice	properjavardp	1	Developer
atomice	libunpack	1	No specific role
atomice	kde-cygwin	1	All-Hands Person
atomice	qtwin	1	Project Manager
atomicfire	phpfiledelivery	1	No specific role
atomicharcoal	adaptproject	0	No specific role
atomiclambda	organdesigner	1	No specific role
atomicops	heavenandearth	1	No specific role
atomicplatypus	ghpmathproj	1	Project Manager
atomicspatule	fo2pm	1	Project Manager
atomicvii	openevgalaxy	0	Graphic/Other Designer
atomic_llama	mudslide	1	Developer
atomik-fr	fathana	1	No specific role
atomiluxinc	iridiumgallery	1	Developer
atomix1040	fruityart	1	No specific role
atomizer_sf	ugv-robotics	1	Project Manager
atomm1024	cybercat	1	No specific role
atomm1024	libaim	1	No specific role
atomm_nihilo	gamenuke	1	No specific role
atomo64	kcheckgmail	1	All-Hands Person
atomo64	phroxy	1	No specific role
atomo64	zafir	1	No specific role
atomo64	cvscoup	1	No specific role
atomo64	grenade-cache	1	No specific role
atomopawn	itval	1	No specific role
atomos	ivm	0	Developer
atomskninja	euclideanbattle	1	No specific role
atomtigerzoo	swiss	1	No specific role
atomus	lugserver	1	No specific role
atomwaffe	streber	0	Developer
aton	frpython	0	Developer
aton30	enazen	0	Developer
aton30	ckii1	1	No specific role
atonhotpepper	intrabb	1	No specific role
atonkelton	dcrpg	0	Developer
atonkp	sisw2006	1	No specific role
atooni	tikiwiki	0	Developer
atopcu	srgrid	1	No specific role
atopian	cobaltfp	1	Developer
atopper	udapl	1	Project Manager
atorrante	gervasproject	0	Tester
atosato	maiaproject	1	Analysis / Design
atotic	pydev	1	No specific role
atouhafi	turbocash	0	Developer
atouss	swtgen	1	No specific role
atowill	vr7	1	Web Designer
atownley	te-code	1	No specific role
atownley	freecoins	0	Developer
atownley	palmcoins	0	Developer
atownley	jaxor	0	Developer
atoy	portage-sharp	1	No specific role
atoy	mpf70	0	Developer
atozconsult	tsapivox	1	No specific role
atp	linux-vax	1	Project Manager
atpayne	mosxzope	0	Developer
atpayne	zcvsfolder	0	Developer
atpayne	zapp	0	Developer
atpayne	zmx	0	Developer
atr	ejbtool	1	No specific role
atr	jwarp	1	Project Manager
atrak	mpiruby	0	No specific role
atrap	chevalerie	1	No specific role
atrasatti	wurfl	1	Developer
atrasatti	oui	0	Developer
atratus	perix	1	No specific role
atravelinggeek	guerillatactics	0	Developer
atrayanov	esmfcontrib	1	Developer
atrayanov	esmf	0	Developer
atre	gnush	1	Developer
atrebbi	mynewsgroups	0	Developer
atrebbi	nukenewsgroups	1	No specific role
atreis	aim	1	No specific role
atrejju	synsim	0	Developer
atremba	ract	1	No specific role
atretyakov	xflow	0	Developer
atretyakov	jpolls	0	Developer
atrevor	ianaglyph	1	No specific role
atreyu_bbb	bfantasy	0	Developer
atreyu_bbb	tetrabrick	1	No specific role
atria	mdvi	1	No specific role
atriacr	kdd	1	No specific role
atrimpop	dataanalyzer	1	No specific role
atripp	jtidy	1	Developer
atrix	zenith	1	No specific role
atri_	dtautotransfer	1	No specific role
atri_	jairobotmtg	1	No specific role
atrn	ici	1	No specific role
atrocious	unicraft	0	Developer
atrodo	draak	1	No specific role
atrodo	dwin	1	No specific role
atrommer	ess	1	No specific role
atropos	qtcl	0	Developer
atropos2random	photokeeper	1	All-Hands Person
atrox	jspfilemanager	1	No specific role
atrox	totspcode	1	Project Manager
atrox-d3	tekirc	1	Doc Writer
atrox07	redeemer	0	Developer
atroxodisse	mysqltoingres	1	No specific role
atrubka	navolution	1	No specific role
atrubka	mangusto	1	No specific role
atrus	irm	0	No specific role
atrus5	tric	1	No specific role
atrus5	friendlyp2p	0	Developer
atrus6	dni-ipde	1	No specific role
atruya	umlcoder	0	No specific role
atry	atry	1	No specific role
ats-hwxi	ats-first	1	No specific role
ats89	malcms	1	No specific role
atsdude	mypress	1	No specific role
atsleigh	periodictables	0	Developer
atsn	bragpal	1	Unix Admin
atspi	kdev-mysql-drv	1	No specific role
atsuclalogin	vrnav	1	No specific role
atsuhito	mitopensource	0	No specific role
atsukada	yumbiff-applet	1	Project Manager
atsuoi	python-codecs	0	No specific role
atsushifx	gbibweb	0	No specific role
atsystem	atevents	1	No specific role
ats_jozsef	openframeworx	1	No specific role
attacc	qumax	1	No specific role
attackthedark	gameslave	0	Developer
attardi	loacker	0	Project Manager
attardi	loama	1	Project Manager
attb2	pydbdesigner	1	Developer
attendant	transkode	1	No specific role
atte_jensen	awkiawki	1	No specific role
atte_jensen	grace	1	No specific role
atthis	opendict	1	Project Manager
atti47	husky	0	Developer
attid	doublecmd	0	Developer
attila589	flashback-game	0	Developer
attilam	ltoolbar	0	Developer
attilaszabo	pichenottes	1	Developer
attilaszabo	esim	1	Developer
attilaszaboo	comp6761-proj	1	No specific role
attila_nagy	xmltv	0	Developer
attis74	wmspaceclock	1	No specific role
attis74	soccar	1	No specific role
attis84	hispciv	1	Project Manager
attrix	mindio	0	Requirements Engineering
attwad	cacawet	0	Developer
atuellmann	meylirh-pw-kit	0	Developer
atugores	fura	0	Developer
atuin2	csdm	1	Developer
atuining	cx-oradbatools	1	No specific role
atuining	cx-bsdiff	1	No specific role
atuining	cx-logging	1	No specific role
atuining	cx-freeze	1	No specific role
atuining	cx-oracletools	1	No specific role
atuining	cx-oracle	1	No specific role
atul78	hotsax	0	Developer
atulapte	ospcs	1	No specific role
atulck	cards304	1	No specific role
atuldhawan	syncshare	0	Developer
atulkamat	calaboose	1	No specific role
atulnayak	accessgrid	0	No specific role
atulp	bricspe	0	Developer
atulskhot	loki-exp	0	Developer
atul_daffodil	daffodilreplica	0	Support Manager
atul_porwal	isstf	0	Doc Writer
atumer	satineproject	0	Developer
atunb	cs6725-prover	0	Developer
atupone	bzflag	0	Developer
atupone	gesso	1	No specific role
atur	xprotector	1	No specific role
atur	openpublisher	1	Project Manager
atur	smart3	1	No specific role
atur	japa	1	No specific role
atur	algomath	1	No specific role
aturbide	websieve	1	Unix Admin
aturbide	cyrus-utils	0	Developer
aturner	toolbot	1	No specific role
aturner	proclog	1	No specific role
aturner	tcpreplay	1	Developer
atusiniida	cread	0	No specific role
atu_guda	hmount	1	No specific role
atveit	incridge	1	No specific role
atveit	sjaman	1	No specific role
atveit	jfipa	1	Project Manager
atweb	kim	1	No specific role
atxdev	asntrackerx	1	Developer
atxdev	tikibartvwidget	1	No specific role
aty	lemming-chaos	1	No specific role
aty	ovpn-crt-gen	1	No specific role
atykaa	a-m-s	0	Developer
atyndall	eyetoy-mac	1	Project Manager
atyndall	eyetoy-linux	1	Developer
atyndall	eyetoy8057	1	Project Manager
atyndall	itoi	1	Project Manager
atyndall	partymaniax	1	Project Manager
atyndall	mardg	1	Project Manager
atyndall	karlweb	1	No specific role
atyndall	stellardancer	1	Project Manager
atypic	uopenmts	0	Developer
atzanteol	logmon	1	No specific role
atziluth	minesweeper-tim	1	Developer
atzlinux	qref	0	Developer
atzoris	kaistar	0	Developer
at_18	winautomate	1	No specific role
au5lander	daophp5	1	Developer
auba	datawidget	0	No specific role
auber	web2-analyzer	0	No specific role
auber	talktok	0	Project Manager
auber	auber	1	Project Manager
auber	tlpfordox	0	Project Manager
auber	tulip-plugin-ws	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
aubinmahe	jdynamite	0	Developer
aubonbeurre	cvsgui	1	Project Manager
aubonbeurre	macssh	0	No specific role
aubonbeurre	gusi	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
aubrech	img2eps	0	Developer
aubrech	jdigitoolbox	1	No specific role
aubrech	jsiebex	0	Project Manager
aubrey_lab	webtutorials	0	Developer
aubryp	esup-casgeneric	1	Project Manager
aubryp	esup-print	1	No specific role
aubryp	esup-phpcas	1	Project Manager
aubryp	esup-cas-client	1	No specific role
aubryp	esup-helpdesk	1	Project Manager
aubryp	ifsic-rembo	1	Project Manager
auciello	ibis	0	Developer
aucifer_nick	dhwt	1	Project Manager
auckham	battletech	1	No specific role
aud-x	aud-x	1	No specific role
audalio	caboquinho	0	Developer
auddess	watermaze	0	No specific role
audelateam	audela	0	No specific role
audetjm	ipmitool	0	Developer
audetjm	phppmsms	1	Developer
audetjm	openhpi	0	Tester
audhov	audioscrobbler	0	Developer
audible	audible	1	No specific role
audio-mobster	jackmixdesk	1	Developer
audio2	time-sheet-db	0	Project Manager
audiobook	audiobook	1	No specific role
audiohacked	djscene	1	Project Manager
audiolli	datamanagement	0	Developer
audionerd	pure-data	0	Developer
audionut_dev	audionut	1	No specific role
audioscrobbler	audioscrobbler	1	No specific role
audioscrobbler	lastfm	1	No specific role
audiphil	chuck	1	No specific role
audiphil	nasa-exp	0	No specific role
auditlib	auditlib	1	No specific role
audoux	attal	1	Project Manager
audran	sofaa	1	Developer
audreyle	jatlas	0	Developer
audris	sourcechange	1	Developer
audriusa	stableupdate	1	No specific role
audriusa	sstu	1	No specific role
audriusa	mushrooms	1	No specific role
audriusa	fca	1	No specific role
audriusa	jgap	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
audriusa	jsight	1	Project Manager
audriusa	ulmxmlview	1	Project Manager
audriusa	bnf-for-java	0	Developer
audun	vortex	0	No specific role
audunb	stepmod	0	Developer
audunb	dexlib	0	Developer
audunr	edderkopp	1	No specific role
audunv	tista	1	Project Manager
audunv	sndp	1	Project Manager
audunv	pycast	1	Project Manager
audunv	remmen	1	Project Manager
auduny	munin	1	Project Manager
auduny	musicbase	1	No specific role
auduny	mp3clean	1	No specific role
auduny	lrrd	1	Project Manager
auduny	lvs-kiss	1	Developer
auduny	tagclean	1	No specific role
audy	fckeditor	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
auer1816	esop	1	No specific role
auerweck	freemind	0	No specific role
auer_martin	umlet	1	No specific role
aufero	u-p2p	0	Developer
aufero	phurax	1	Project Manager
aufero	magenta	1	Project Manager
aufero	logscratch	1	No specific role
aufflick	sawfish-pager	1	No specific role
aufflick	skypemenux	1	No specific role
aufflick	chatsearch	0	Developer
augcyl	augcyl	0	Editorial/Content Writer
augestad	libclc	1	Project Manager
augestad	highlander	1	No specific role
augi	handytool	1	Developer
augiasz	princed	0	Doc Writer
augiewan	breadbox	1	Developer
augmentus	pure-data	0	Developer
augmentus	oggment	1	No specific role
augo	opengeco	0	Developer
augo	wanda-tools	1	Project Manager
augros	imgdump	1	No specific role
augrrrr	icord	1	Project Manager
augsod	gibphone	1	Project Manager
augsod	nsip	1	Project Manager
augsod	ncode	1	Project Manager
augur	hamspot	1	All-Hands Person
augur	aprsworld	1	Developer
augur	sws	1	No specific role
augur	swishe	0	No specific role
augure	tunotcp	1	Developer
augure	foonline	1	No specific role
augurk	javasim	0	Developer
augurui	binarts	1	Developer
august2	bzflag	0	Developer
august212	waitseewow	1	Developer
augustbering	fnattlab	1	Project Manager
augustcat	seppia	0	Developer
augustdevries	transferware	0	Developer
augustin	webtechone-1	0	Developer
augustineas	dnx	1	Project Manager
augustino	kujawiak	1	No specific role
augustino	mazur	1	No specific role
augustinp	e-sqlcompare	1	Project Manager
augustin_stefan	sipf	1	Project Manager
augustof	webdatagrid	1	No specific role
augustojv	yars	1	No specific role
augusto_roman	vcf	0	Developer
augustus_p	bastard	0	Developer
augustwind16	srishty	0	Support Manager
augustwind16	zephyr-php	1	No specific role
augustwind16	ekushey	1	Developer
augustz	yats	0	Support Manager
august_viers	olm	1	Analysis / Design
auhlrich	oskut	1	No specific role
auka7	blogmail	1	Developer
aukatung	dialup	1	No specific role
aukes	gtlin	1	Project Manager
auke_booij	dndm	1	No specific role
auke_booij	jctic	1	No specific role
auke_booij	ride-gaming	0	Developer
auke_booij	fexy	1	Developer
aukjan	perlmonks-mods	0	Developer
aukkonen	openlogbook	1	No specific role
auksas	miranda-vqchat	0	Developer
aulapl	lucuslms	1	No specific role
aulas	gnome-kurdi	1	Unix Admin
aulas	gnu-ku	1	Unix Admin
aulas	ulas	1	No specific role
aullan	wxmaxima	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
aullman	collective	0	Developer
aullox	micrm	1	Project Manager
aulrich_de	pxmboard	0	Developer
aumahesh	tinyos	0	No specific role
aumatar	debuglib	1	No specific role
aumatt	pcsx2	1	Developer
aumuell	deskvox	1	Developer
aunitt	opengatekeeper	1	All-Hands Person
auntfloyd	openmojito	1	No specific role
auntfloyd	greene	1	No specific role
auntfloyd	aftershock	1	No specific role
auntfloyd	rpilot	1	No specific role
auntfloyd	soma-server	1	No specific role
auntfloyd	skypilot	1	No specific role
auntyellow	elephanteye	1	No specific role
auntyellow	certforge	1	No specific role
auntyellow	openvspkm	1	No specific role
auntyellow	xqwizard	1	No specific role
aupetitm	galicia	0	Developer
aura-postaci	phppostaci	0	Developer
aurag	gmath	1	No specific role
auralb	msn4j	1	No specific role
auralb	jmailsrv	0	Developer
aurang_tu	aurang	1	No specific role
aurb	abcdp	1	No specific role
aurb	anticms	1	No specific role
aurb	yadia2sql	1	No specific role
aurb	mmkas	1	No specific role
aurctamil	annauniversity1	1	No specific role
aurctamil	annauniversity3	1	No specific role
aurctamil	annauniversity2	1	No specific role
aurctamil	annauniversity	1	No specific role
aurealjma	easyrpg	0	No specific role
aureg	tactic	0	Developer
aurel2006	casapro	0	Developer
aurel32	kpopper	0	Developer
aurel32	ksensors	1	Project Manager
aurel42	tikiwiki	0	Developer
aurele	orisvg	1	No specific role
aurelfen	powershoot	1	No specific role
aurelianito	schematics	0	Analysis / Design
aurelias	jmsgproject	0	Developer
aurelien0306	bugzilla-fr	1	Project Manager
aurelien1984new	dicom-fr	1	Developer
aurelieng	jeepproject	1	No specific role
aurelien_benel	argos-viewpoint	1	Project Manager
aurelien_benel	agorae	1	Developer
aurelien_benel	steatite	1	Project Manager
aurelien_benel	porphyry	1	Project Manager
aurelien_benel	i-semantec	1	No specific role
aurelien_g	jtradelab	0	Developer
aurelien_gustan	dreamos	0	Developer
aurelien_roux	h-inventory	0	Developer
aurelinde	mps-ary	0	No specific role
aureliojargas	guia-er	1	Developer
aureliojargas	sed	1	Developer
aureliojargas	sedsed	1	Developer
aureliojargas	zztools	1	Developer
aureliojargas	verde666	1	Developer
aureliojargas	txt2tags	1	Project Manager
aureliojargas	txt2regex	1	Project Manager
aureliojargas	mactags	1	No specific role
aureliosaraiva	linuxstok	0	Developer
aurelio_pons	colorstyler	1	No specific role
aurelis	lilycore	0	Developer
aurelius	linvb	1	No specific role
aurelius	aurelius	1	Project Manager
aurelus	ms-spectre	1	Developer
aurelus	somms	1	No specific role
auren	achaeacure	1	Developer
aurerilo	squidacldebug	1	No specific role
aurerilo	scinet	0	Developer
aurgo	cryptoall	1	No specific role
aurgo	wxcode	0	Developer
auria	wxcode	0	Developer
auria	ariamaestosa	1	No specific role
auried	solarseek	1	User Interface (UI) Designer
aurikan	gruftistats	1	No specific role
aurin	gcall	1	No specific role
aurin	t-schedule	1	No specific role
auror	resourcemanager	1	Requirements Engineering
auroraeosrose	tapps	1	Project Manager
auroramsx	cbios	0	No specific role
auroramsx	openmsx	0	Developer
auroraz	fira2	1	No specific role
aurorus	openlancer	0	Developer
auroux	xournal	1	No specific role
aurrin	payroll-aurrin	1	No specific role
aurrin	flexibletree	1	No specific role
aurum81	unictrl	0	Developer
aurumaeus	dean	0	No specific role
aurvhm	docyrus	1	Developer
aus-red-5	d2x-xl	0	Support Manager
auselton	logjam	1	No specific role
auselton	mibtest	1	No specific role
aushilphspole	japtik	1	Developer
ausholmesdb	rcf	0	Developer
ausinha	irm	0	Developer
auskica	glwars	0	No specific role
auslander	sonicelf	1	Developer
auspiex	koa	1	No specific role
aussenwasser	bacula	0	Doc Writer
aussielurker	civ4ccp	0	Developer
aussiemm	jtds	0	Developer
aussiepete	noeyedeer	0	Developer
aussietoy	pgsqlformac	0	Developer
austcro	irrlichtsharp	1	Developer
austere	jcataloguer4lan	1	Project Manager
austeritat	tims	1	Developer
austinblues	cpia	1	Developer
austinbp	bitpim	0	Developer
austinf	ajgames	1	No specific role
austinheilman	pol-distro	1	Project Manager
austinjp	slurpie	0	Developer
austinmills	m2mxml	1	No specific role
austinpowerzz	solon	1	No specific role
austinraj	javamobile	1	No specific role
austriancoder	dxr3plugin	1	No specific role
austriancoder	em84xx	0	Developer
austundag	skywatch	1	Developer
austvold	jdiseq	1	No specific role
austvold	jibx	0	Developer
ausum	collective	0	Developer
aut-upstage	upstage	0	Developer
aut0tek	pgmfi	0	Developer
autarch	perl-date-time	1	Developer
autarch	poop	1	No specific role
autarch	ccr	1	No specific role
autarch	bricolage	0	No specific role
autarch	socialtext	0	Developer
autarch	ssh-sftp-perl	1	No specific role
autarch	mason-tracker	1	Developer
autarch	mason	1	No specific role
autarch	alzabo	1	All-Hands Person
autarch	bazaar	1	No specific role
auth00	snowdrift	1	No specific role
authen	zeti	1	No specific role
authmysql	mod-auth-mysql	1	All-Hands Person
authn	rexec	1	No specific role
authn	liang	1	No specific role
author	fws	1	Developer
authoriced	crap	1	No specific role
authoriced	jdyndns	1	No specific role
authorlink	authorlink	1	No specific role
autismuk	trailblazer	1	No specific role
autoalien	mplayerplug-in	0	Developer
autoalien	promanaid	1	No specific role
autoalien	spca50x	0	Web Designer
autoalien	autoalien	1	Developer
autoduckinc	aaf	0	Developer
autoglenux	libnazgul	0	No specific role
autojock	autojock	1	No specific role
autology	l-dopa	1	No specific role
automagically	osmap	1	No specific role
automatix_md	kate-prj-mng	1	Developer
autometer	autometer	1	No specific role
auton1	relativitysim	1	Project Manager
autopilot	hummingbird	1	No specific role
autopilot_r	autopilot-r	1	No specific role
autoproj	fuber	0	Developer
autopsiasp	doorsoft	1	No specific role
autotestd	bang	0	Tester
autotestd	ordeal	0	Tester
autowitch	tpaproclx	1	No specific role
autowitch	tpapro	1	No specific role
autowitch	tpessence	0	No specific role
autowitch	tpsrmgr	0	No specific role
autowitch	tpsystools	0	No specific role
autowitch	tpshellshock	0	No specific role
autowitch	tplockbox	0	No specific role
autowitch	tpabbrevia	0	No specific role
autowitch	tpvplanit	1	No specific role
autowitch	tporpheus	0	No specific role
autowitch	tponguard	0	No specific role
autrel	motorbac	1	No specific role
autrijus	cpanplus	0	Requirements Engineering
autrijus	parseperl	0	Developer
autumn	relaxng	1	Developer
autumn	fortunecat	0	No specific role
autumnleaf	dotnet-commons	1	No specific role
autydi	file-editor-pro	1	Developer
auvor	xmms-curses	1	No specific role
auxesis	xbashserv	0	Tester
auxietre	auxreader	1	No specific role
auywy	dnod	0	Developer
auzy	driverondemand	1	No specific role
auzy	agl-lib	1	No specific role
auzy	freedns	1	No specific role
auzy	resonanceim	1	Developer
au_icicle	jbu	1	No specific role
av1-op	btonline-btech	1	Developer
av260380	ap802-11	1	No specific role
av3rnus	cwruser	0	Tester
avac1	websales	1	No specific role
avacode	oopbot	1	Developer
avacore	truray	1	Developer
avacore	itanks	1	Developer
avacore	crystal	0	Developer
avain	wi-fi-api	1	No specific role
avaji	jpedal	0	No specific role
avak	csharp3dengine	0	Developer
aval57	audioplex	1	No specific role
avalanco	lansys	1	No specific role
avalee	crystaldoc	0	No specific role
avallach0	filelist	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
avallega	youplayit	1	Project Manager
avalluri	valuenetwork	0	Developer
avalon	tortoisecvs	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
avalon	ldapnavigator	0	Developer
avalon	mailman	0	Developer
avalon	emeeting	1	No specific role
avalon	taskware	1	All-Hands Person
avalon	groupsuite	0	Developer
avalonbyond	avalonbyond	1	No specific role
avalonuser	percival	1	No specific role
avalos	avalosworld	1	No specific role
avaly	virtualcatalog	1	Developer
avamann	geobject	0	Developer
avances123	netpocha	1	No specific role
avandekerkhove	salto-framework	0	Developer
avanderb	elphel	0	Developer
avandevelde	jmax	0	No specific role
avaneendra	mp3apollo	0	Developer
avaneesh	daffodilreplica	0	Developer
avaneja	routersimulator	1	No specific role
avanhorn	hep	1	Project Manager
avanosdale	raid	1	No specific role
avanosdale	wikidotnet	1	Developer
avanox	libnox	1	No specific role
avantgarde	avantgarde	1	Project Manager
avantix	expert-system	0	All-Hands Person
avantman42	ooomacros	1	Developer
avantman42	panicbutton	1	No specific role
avar	pywikipediabot	0	No specific role
avar	wikipedia	0	Developer
avarell	pftp	1	All-Hands Person
avarga	fckeditor	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
avarice	jed-d2h	0	No specific role
avary	yeziq	1	No specific role
avasile	zeiberbude	0	Developer
avatal	avatal	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
avataladmin	avatal	1	No specific role
avatar	just3files	1	Unix Admin
avatar	openut	0	No specific role
avatar	config-inifiles	0	Developer
avatar-longl	youri-player	1	All-Hands Person
avatar21	avatags	1	Project Manager
avatar21	jadwords	1	No specific role
avatar3d	musik	1	No specific role
avatarastralis	im-stats	1	All-Hands Person
avatarx	lnolinux2	0	No specific role
avatarxxi	physics-edu	1	Developer
avati	quipus	1	No specific role
avaughan	monotooth	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
avaughan	dvdb	1	No specific role
avaughan	easymol	1	No specific role
avaurus	mailclient	1	No specific role
avazquez	letrain	1	No specific role
avazquez	deckard	1	No specific role
avazquez	beanaction	1	No specific role
avazquez	mecatutor	1	No specific role
avazquez	game	1	No specific role
avazquez667	gasteroids	0	No specific role
avb100	evilposter	1	Project Manager
avb100	pap	0	Developer
avba0	vbplayer	1	No specific role
avboas	chinchilla	0	No specific role
avbochagov_rsdn	shiva	0	No specific role
avbsoft	ereviewbook	0	Developer
avcastoldi	walls	1	No specific role
avcd2005	somutags	0	Developer
avcs	ralfchat	0	Developer
avcy	sandik	0	Web Designer
avdonin	taskswitchxp	1	No specific role
avdonin	wkm	1	No specific role
avdwheel	tikiwiki	0	Developer
avdyk	queryviewer	1	No specific role
avdyk	edevsagetools	1	Developer
avdyk	yasmina	1	No specific role
avdyk	bibliotheque	1	Project Manager
aveerani	e1000	1	Developer
aveggiani	cfxmlblog	1	Project Manager
aveitas	jboss	0	Developer
aveitas	wsabi4axis	1	No specific role
aveitas	wsabi	1	No specific role
aveitch	collective	0	Developer
aveitch	mailmanager	1	Project Manager
avek	ob51	1	Project Manager
avel	uniphpsuite	1	No specific role
avel	gnewtellium	1	Web Designer
avel	squirrelmail	0	Developer
avel	sieve-php	1	Project Manager
aveleda	pbsacct	1	No specific role
avelpl	neneke	1	Developer
avelux	dosloader	1	No specific role
avenger114	gift-c	0	No specific role
avenger20	hyperwrt	1	No specific role
avenger20	hyperwap	1	No specific role
avenger337	worlddomination	0	No specific role
avengerpz	amaild	1	No specific role
avengerx2	rc-shaper	1	No specific role
avenger_nix	mailfront	1	Developer
avenger_sf	exceedframework	0	No specific role
avenger_teambg	gemrb	1	All-Hands Person
avenging_angel	bday-remind	1	No specific role
avengre	configparser	1	No specific role
avenko123	versiont	1	No specific role
aventin	areca	1	Project Manager
average_games	carnage	1	No specific role
averelld	pastebot	0	Developer
averen	fcut	0	Developer
avernet	orbeon	1	Developer
avernet	autoformattext	1	No specific role
avernet	photoview	1	No specific role
avernille	chinchilla	0	No specific role
averron	xmod2	0	Developer
aversa	rss2jabber	1	No specific role
averx1	tmsys	0	Analysis / Design
avery	bitweaver	0	No specific role
averym	uniboard	1	Project Manager
averyregier	webtrans	1	Project Manager
averyregier	chaddb	0	Developer
averyregier	bracket-tracker	1	Project Manager
averysu	gamez-unlimited	0	No specific role
avery_j	smsystem	1	No specific role
avesan	mfbyas	1	No specific role
avesan	apbyas	1	No specific role
avesan	pmbyas	1	No specific role
avesani	ige	0	No specific role
aveseli	octopus-ge	1	No specific role
avest001	fast-pitch	1	No specific role
avetenebrae	tinyphpforum	0	Developer
avetteth	rsim-neural-bp	1	Developer
avexrf	xrf-tool	1	No specific role
avflinsch	hamlib	0	Developer
avflinsch	ft100	1	Developer
avgarrison	carnage	1	Developer
avgasse	tikiwiki	0	Developer
avgasse	pcrobots	1	Web Designer
avh4	arbeat	1	No specific role
avhad-vogel	hamsterhunter	0	Content Management
avhilchen	installd	1	Project Manager
avi8rtedd	flightplan	1	Project Manager
aviad	hldp	0	No specific role
aviadbd	gencore	1	No specific role
aviadbd	x2j	1	No specific role
aviadbd	ga-fwork	1	Developer
aviadbd	ga-fwork-net	0	Developer
aviadlich	jdsf	1	Developer
aviadlich	pisces	0	Tester
aviadlich	mantaray	0	Tester
aviad_tsherniak	gallery-contrib	0	Developer
avialet	ezftp	1	No specific role
avian	freenet	0	Developer
aviananta	vaza	1	No specific role
aviancer	gbpp	1	All-Hands Person
avian_freeware	fishlab	1	No specific role
avian_freeware	physmo	1	Developer
avian_freeware	juie	0	No specific role
avian_freeware	avianfs	1	Developer
aviars	doit	1	Developer
avib	newsfusion	0	Developer
avibrazil	musicman	0	No specific role
avibryant	aspectr	1	Developer
avibryant	iowa	1	No specific role
avicalev	absolutex	1	No specific role
avicene	octopus-ge	0	Developer
avicodec	mediainfo	0	Developer
avida	avida	0	No specific role
avidacrashdummy	avida	0	Tester
avidmouse	js-validation	1	No specific role
avidskillz	timespan	0	Web Designer
aviendha	ou-cs442-542	0	Developer
aviera	jabberproxy	1	No specific role
aviereck	typo3wamp	1	Project Manager
avigad	afp	0	Developer
avigadl	cgex1	1	No specific role
avigadl	ex1-cgraphics	1	Developer
avigail_berger	fence-it	1	Project Manager
avigesaa	shadowchildren	0	Developer
avih	xcd	1	No specific role
avihai-orel	tsic	0	Graphic/Other Designer
avihooi	airelliamud	0	Developer
avij	phpbabel	0	All-Hands Person
avik	kvm	1	No specific role
avik	cdfw	1	No specific role
avik	repbot	1	Developer
avilellab	variscan	1	Developer
avilellab	ortholytics	1	No specific role
avilien	mythwaves	0	Developer
avillac	pvr-share	0	Developer
avillarino	visual-ia	1	No specific role
avillena	idomx	1	No specific role
avinash77	aubng	1	Developer
avinashkr	ldkit	1	No specific role
avinashkr	digiportal	0	Developer
avinashm	advisare	1	No specific role
avinashm	bestory	1	No specific role
avinashm	phrax	1	No specific role
avinashm	tactik	1	No specific role
avinashm	krom	1	No specific role
avinashm	nuzimazz	1	No specific role
avinash_37	hidsbyavinash	1	No specific role
avinash_shende	xmltouml	1	All-Hands Person
avinesh	relatamail	1	No specific role
avinesh	rsyncpalm	1	Project Manager
avinoam	absolutex	0	No specific role
avinoam98	exhibitionist	0	All-Hands Person
avinpatel	ooh323c	1	Developer
aviolette	rbook	1	No specific role
aviorth	voci	1	No specific role
aviorth	slash	1	No specific role
aviowe	unmazed	1	No specific role
aviram	registry	1	No specific role
aviram	xmedia	1	No specific role
aviram	elektra	1	No specific role
aviram	musicman	1	Project Manager
avirox	nextf	1	Developer
avirox	customtf	0	Developer
avishayt	osdfs	1	No specific role
avishek	dfdedit	0	No specific role
avishorp	vdu	1	No specific role
avis_caerulea	kaffeecos	1	No specific role
avitalo	thewe	1	No specific role
avitiw	test-tube	1	Developer
avivahl	xmule	1	Project Manager
avivg	wimamp-remote	1	No specific role
avivh	jhotdraw	0	Developer
avivlevin	favoriteplugin	1	No specific role
avivo	metaseed	1	Project Manager
avix	mondrian	0	Developer
avix	j2mesafe	1	No specific role
avix	jpivot	1	No specific role
avix	olap4j	1	Developer
avix	olap	1	No specific role
avix	xoplon	1	No specific role
avix	argo2ecore	1	No specific role
avi_maayan	genes2networks	1	No specific role
avi_nash_g	tbaseos	1	Developer
avj	oomon	0	Doc Writer
avjewe	alexautils	1	No specific role
avk1	adsapient	1	Developer
avk_zebra	netsqladmin	0	Developer
avlabs	avcore	1	All-Hands Person
avlahov	funnie	0	Developer
avlamba	jyotish	0	No specific role
avleen	vexim	1	No specific role
avlex	movie2mobile	1	No specific role
avlomwel	plantool	1	Developer
avlund	integrationflow	1	Developer
avman151	johanna	1	Project Manager
avman151	ocml	1	No specific role
avman151	nowhere	1	No specific role
avmesquita	tavmversion	1	Project Manager
avmrao	scada	1	No specific role
avmsf	rbfeditor	1	No specific role
avneeshsingh	amis	0	Developer
avneeshsingh	urakawa	0	Developer
avner78	classlocator	1	Developer
avner_g_levy	kodaxilbase	1	No specific role
avni321	nelsonlab	0	Developer
avnishjoy2000	trimsquid	1	No specific role
avock	myfreeptr	0	Developer
avogel	bdiff	1	No specific role
avogl	daimonin	0	Developer
avogl	crossfire	0	Developer
avogt	pt-framework	0	Developer
avoigt	alexandria	1	No specific role
avoigt	syracuse	0	Developer
avolkov	sc2	1	Developer
avollmer	jxunit	0	Developer
avollmer	jxweb	0	Developer
avolver	ljup	1	Developer
avoorhis	zeke	1	No specific role
avoozl	chatinteract	1	No specific role
avoozl	ojab	1	No specific role
avoss	wix	0	Developer
avp7	x-batch	1	Developer
avpayne	cvsbugz	1	Project Manager
avpurshottam	net-pocos	1	No specific role
avrah2	vsyn	0	No specific role
avraham	sgcm	1	Developer
avram	b2b-os	1	Developer
avramlyon	grinnellplans	1	No specific role
avramovic	ggtt	1	No specific role
avramovic	prevodjenje	0	Developer
avramov_u	processmanager	1	No specific role
avranju	ssniff	1	Developer
avrensbu	dictionarymaker	0	Developer
avrensbu	dithaka	1	Developer
avrensbu	coefficient	0	Developer
avrin17	oschooladmin	1	No specific role
avryhof	sealsystem	1	Unix Admin
avsegal	jtreeview	0	Developer
avshalom	condai	1	No specific role
avsi	styleirc	0	Web Designer
avsk71	jes	1	Project Manager
avsmike1	tipscluster	1	Project Manager
avtech	dbflay	1	Developer
avu	mailman-doc	0	Doc Writer
avuong	leaf	0	No specific role
avush	uni3dlib	1	No specific role
avush	javadfatest	1	No specific role
avwilsoftware	slicklinux	1	Project Manager
avwilsoftware	compatipal	1	No specific role
avwilsoftware	cellocitylinux	0	No specific role
avwilsoftware	portpal	1	Project Manager
avwilsoftware	vgames	1	Project Manager
avwilsoftware	lmme	1	Project Manager
avwilsoftware	kerio	1	No specific role
avwilsoftware	easystock	1	No specific role
avwilsoftware	activemsn	1	No specific role
avz	hermesweb	0	No specific role
av_	skitunes	1	Developer
av_13	filesearch	1	Project Manager
aw0a	ascend-sim	0	Developer
aw201702	ouoss	0	Developer
aw3	emuleplus	1	Project Manager
aw36	nusho	1	No specific role
aw36	gibbon	1	No specific role
aw686	gnutrucktools	0	No specific role
awacha	saxssimpvm	1	No specific role
awache	dwpl	0	Developer
awadallah	digilab	1	No specific role
awaddi	csvjdbc	0	Developer
awaddi	ispconfig	0	No specific role
awadh	brihaspati	0	Developer
awagner99	bridgetools	0	Developer
awagner99	gpchess	1	No specific role
awagner99	figs	0	No specific role
awahlig	visualham	0	Developer
awakesoft	gens	0	Developer
awalding	lokirc	1	No specific role
awall	gamescrafters	0	Developer
awalland	oradump	1	Developer
awallin55	emc	0	Editorial/Content Writer
awaltman	repositorybeans	0	Developer
awanga	ptitan	1	No specific role
awao	jshaft	0	No specific role
awaredreams	java3dgamesdk	1	Project Manager
awarring	libnat	1	No specific role
awasim	blognix	1	No specific role
awason	jgen	0	Developer
awassatsch	https-scan	1	No specific role
awasylkowski	speagram	0	Developer
awat	awat	1	No specific role
awateru	webudget	0	Developer
awateyogesh	jmodbus	0	Developer
awayand	skillet	1	No specific role
awayg	plone-i18n	0	Developer
awayzzz	gopenircd	0	Analysis / Design
awb	cmusphinx	1	Developer
awbess	hptalx	0	Developer
awcoats	geotoolsnet	1	Project Manager
awcoats	svgdomcsharp	0	Developer
awcolley	tikiwiki	0	Developer
awd	pn-modules	0	Developer
awdproject	go2map	1	No specific role
awdrius	ltemperaturos	1	No specific role
awdrius	recimageviewer	1	No specific role
awdvk	nngs	1	Project Manager
aweber24	dbl-browser	1	No specific role
aweder	magnolia	0	Developer
aweder	channeltools	1	No specific role
awefers	tenebrae	0	Developer
awefers	zeph3d	0	Developer
awegele	comwrapper	1	No specific role
awegener	sumo	0	Developer
awegener	shawn	0	Developer
aweifb	yucata	0	Developer
aweil	crg1k	1	No specific role
aweil	caucho	1	No specific role
aweil	imfish	1	All-Hands Person
aweil	asd	0	Developer
aweil	ahttplib	1	No specific role
aweil	libsample	0	Developer
aweil	libido	1	No specific role
aweisker	secoto	1	Unix Admin
awelux	xanadux	0	Developer
awerder	wedgetarian	1	Developer
awerder	websody	0	Developer
awesomator	motive	1	No specific role
awesomo4000	pytsjb	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
awest567	modelwizard	0	Developer
awexler	opensourcefgl	0	No specific role
awf	vxl	0	No specific role
awfrbe	savus	1	Project Manager
awfrbe	redwood	1	Project Manager
awfrbe	openuss	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
awfrbe	openfjord	1	Developer
awger	openbirds	0	Developer
awgerber	east-chr-data	0	No specific role
awgibbs	prop	1	No specific role
awh	zjfc	1	No specific role
awh	flooterbuck	1	Developer
awharnly	mansa	1	No specific role
awharrison	firebird	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
awheeler	osdtk	1	Developer
awhitaker	nebuladevice	0	Developer
awhiteflame	avicora	1	Project Manager
awhittom	archimede	1	All-Hands Person
awhitwham	staden	1	Developer
awiesmann	somap	1	Project Manager
awiesmann	owasp	0	Developer
awiezzer	namboo	0	Developer
awiggin	pardiff	1	No specific role
awiggin	python-objfifo	1	No specific role
awiggin	fahgr	1	Project Manager
awikatchikaen	sociokrates	1	All-Hands Person
awikatchikaen	sia-iage	0	Developer
awilda	sustdesigneraid	0	Developer
awilliams	javaonsails	1	No specific role
awilliams	rubyeclipse	1	No specific role
awillis	assistedtesting	0	Developer
awilson	macspice3f4	1	No specific role
awinchell	synfig	1	All-Hands Person
awinskill2	wlwatchman	0	All-Hands Person
awinters	introspector	0	Developer
awinters	perlqt	1	No specific role
awisely	webcoords	1	No specific role
awisp	gc0	1	No specific role
awithers	kpoppassd	1	No specific role
awitney	mged	1	All-Hands Person
awjans	wwwi18n	1	No specific role
awjones	zims	1	No specific role
awkorama	qsong	0	Developer
awksedgrep	mixmagic	0	Developer
awksedgrep	avos	0	Developer
awksedgrep	audacity	0	Developer
awksedgrep	garme	1	Developer
awksedgrep	jocr	0	Developer
awksedgrep	spiralmodular	0	Developer
awl	vformat	1	Developer
awlee7	yellowfish	0	Developer
awlp	awlp	1	No specific role
awm22	nprobe	1	No specific role
awmanoj	coocle	1	No specific role
awmanoj	hangman	1	No specific role
awn30	msi-workgroups	0	No specific role
awnsheghlien	rubix3d	1	Developer
awo	cosi-nms	0	Developer
awodson	caboquinho	0	No specific role
awoehler	teachersaid	1	No specific role
awoi	awoi	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
awojciechowska	cppreter	1	Developer
awolf002	labsatwiki	1	No specific role
awolfff	tikiwiki	0	Developer
awolski_lbnl	accelerator-ml	0	No specific role
awol_	fvwm-themes	0	Distributor/Promoter
awoo	gnuplot	0	No specific role
awood	antigame	1	Project Manager
awood45	ragdollcombat	0	Developer
awoodland	pmsn	1	No specific role
awooster	cocoalicious	0	Developer
awootton	pixelkit	1	No specific role
aworan	ecml	1	No specific role
awoussou	wintra	0	No specific role
awo_net	ppprof	1	No specific role
awpellet	jsegue	1	Project Manager
awphuch	smoothiemods	0	Developer
awpti	janga	1	No specific role
awr84	jestart	1	No specific role
awr84	tum-jasmin	0	Doc Writer
awr84	bp2k6	1	No specific role
awrede	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
awreng	filolog	1	Developer
awreng	kamus	1	Unix Admin
awreng	sorix	1	No specific role
awreng	gnu-ku	1	Unix Admin
awreng	gnome-kurdi	1	No specific role
awreynolds	gtk-osx	0	Unix Admin
awreynolds	eng-osx	0	No specific role
awright69	freedo	1	Project Manager
aws2448	sampson	0	Developer
aws4y	aisf	1	No specific role
awsewell	phpfaq	1	Project Manager
awsiq	opensurf	0	Tester
awssassim	bfk	1	No specific role
awssassim	starbittorrent	1	No specific role
awtopensource	openshs	1	Project Manager
awtopensource	openebxml	1	Project Manager
awtopensource	openbpmm	1	Developer
awtopensource	openbsmm	1	No specific role
awtopensource	mdaworkbench	1	No specific role
awulf	drjava	0	Developer
awulf	javalanglevels	0	Developer
awulms	msx-xcc	1	No specific role
awwaiid	goe	1	Developer
awwy	glterm	1	No specific role
awwy	devilbot	1	No specific role
awwy	ro-client	1	No specific role
awynjones	aled	1	No specific role
ax006ho	jpicedt	0	Developer
ax5	efi2html	1	No specific role
ax82	gr3p	1	Distributor/Promoter
axa	aktivate	1	No specific role
axa1981	gillo	1	Project Manager
axa1981	pot-engine	1	Developer
axa1981	ipocs	1	Project Manager
axalem	phpspell	1	No specific role
axalem	php-gfw	1	No specific role
axaptacoder	centerline	1	No specific role
axart	c2pas	1	No specific role
axavier	minneola	1	Developer
axbannaz	wcerfunc	1	Developer
axboe	packet-cd	1	No specific role
axboe	pvrusb	0	Developer
axboe	linux-udf	0	No specific role
axcelis	openqueue	0	No specific role
axe69	ouvert	1	Project Manager
axedev	glchess	0	Developer
axedev	pysox	1	No specific role
axeexcess	hacburn	0	Web Designer
axehind	log-rotator	1	No specific role
axek	squadtrackersvr	1	Developer
axel-dev	srt-translator	1	No specific role
axel-dev	assetfreehd	1	No specific role
axel-weiss	freesp	1	Project Manager
axel584	disa-adresaro	0	No specific role
axel584	grisbi	0	Developer
axel584	tukseo	0	No specific role
axel584	traduki	0	Developer
axelboldt	wikipedia	0	All-Hands Person
axelbuendia	ai-standards	0	Developer
axelchen	afkcfg	1	No specific role
axelchen	ourshare	1	No specific role
axelcl	matheclipse	1	Project Manager
axelcl	yawiki	0	No specific role
axelcl	eclipseproject	1	Project Manager
axelcl	plog4u	1	No specific role
axelcl	phpeclipse	1	Developer
axelcl	jamwiki	0	Developer
axelcl	jsurfer	1	Tester
axelcl	jlibrary	0	Developer
axeld	opentracker	1	Developer
axeld	open-beos	1	Developer
axeld	uaedev	0	No specific role
axeld	betvout	0	Developer
axeld	beos-idedriver	0	Developer
axeld	bemaildaemon	0	Developer
axeldoomeyer	resellpanel-asp	1	No specific role
axelfr74	spectalum	1	Developer
axelgenus	x-tracker	1	No specific role
axelibre	acteurs	0	No specific role
axeljaeger	apokalypse	1	No specific role
axeljaeger	seashore	0	Developer
axellec	seccube	1	Developer
axellec	freebridge	1	No specific role
axellec	disec	1	Developer
axelm	modwhois	1	No specific role
axelm	aepps	1	No specific role
axelm	enumreg	1	No specific role
axelm	siptapi	1	Developer
axeln	wpoison	1	Developer
axelp	messageforge	0	Developer
axelp	bugunit	1	No specific role
axelp	jamsel	0	Developer
axelp	jmsutils	1	Developer
axelr8	pud	0	No specific role
axelr8	firstage	0	Developer
axelrod	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
axelrosenthal	jru	1	No specific role
axelseaa	sermondatabase	1	No specific role
axelseaa	autopgsqlbackup	1	No specific role
axelseaa	php-blog	0	No specific role
axelseaa	phpmyvalidator	1	No specific role
axelsen	intenz	0	No specific role
axelwernicke	mypod	1	No specific role
axel_b	visualstruts	1	Developer
axel_benjamins	nuboard	1	Developer
axel_damage	risto2005	0	Developer
axel_janssen	javahelpgui	1	No specific role
axenation	teamomegastrife	1	No specific role
axeslinger	autorealm	0	Developer
axessterminated	thepokerengine	1	No specific role
axesys	ventas	0	Developer
axet	gzproject	1	No specific role
axezium	axezium	1	Developer
axhixh	headlines	1	Project Manager
axhost	zantastico	0	Developer
axi	vog	1	All-Hands Person
axi	killerinstinct	1	Developer
axial	gklj	1	No specific role
axial	dlutil	1	No specific role
axian	gochat	1	No specific role
axilant	cmsone	0	Project Manager
axiles	ultra-bille	1	No specific role
axilmar73	theptk	1	No specific role
axilmar73	libgc	1	No specific role
axima	moblib	1	No specific role
axiomx11	cryptic6	1	Developer
axionet	axi0n	1	Project Manager
axionet	thymedes	1	Project Manager
axique	pyvlab	1	No specific role
axis-sf	phpam	1	No specific role
axis100	frottle	1	Developer
axis3x3	galab	1	Project Manager
axis3x3	freeguide-tv	1	Project Manager
axis3x3	qdsync	1	No specific role
axis3x3	uireview	1	No specific role
axis3x3	mopesnake	1	No specific role
axis3x3	natrail	1	No specific role
axis3x3	myaddressbook	1	No specific role
axis3x3	diyblog	1	No specific role
axis3x3	duckmaze	1	No specific role
axis3x3	gnomeattacks	1	No specific role
axis3x3	gssmp	1	No specific role
axis3x3	pokeranalysis	1	No specific role
axis3x3	pgal	1	Developer
axis3x3	xmltv	0	No specific role
axisk	axisstat	1	No specific role
axis_of_entropy	simnazi	1	No specific role
axjslack	luna-admin-tool	1	No specific role
axl13	pyflashback	1	Developer
axlecrusher	smonline	1	Project Manager
axlecrusher	stepmania	0	Developer
axlecrusher	scarred-steel	0	No specific role
axlecrusher	hgengine	1	Project Manager
axlecrusher	ccursor	1	Developer
axlei_vakirian	knightswizards	0	Developer
axllent	sqlbot	1	Developer
axl_click	axl-alpha-tank	1	No specific role
axman6	calc-max	1	Project Manager
axndj	hwsharing	1	No specific role
axnow	unicore	0	Developer
axojeje	virtual3101	0	Developer
axolander	perfidix	0	Developer
axolander	ekans	0	Developer
axolos	oo-sk	0	Developer
axolotl	worldvista	1	Project Manager
axolotl	sanchez-gtm	1	No specific role
axonrg	servereclipse	1	No specific role
axonrg	hydrarpg	1	No specific role
axonrg	html2perl	1	No specific role
axonrg	freejob	1	No specific role
axonrg	xiki	1	No specific role
axonrg	jexus	1	No specific role
axorpro	fontlinge	0	Developer
axos88	bukmark	1	No specific role
axpavim	s2ilib	0	Developer
axpmoaiogmu	khanbeard	1	No specific role
axquan	expenser	1	No specific role
axre0433	lilidab	1	Project Manager
axs05u	virtbiolab	1	Developer
axs89	openseal	1	Project Manager
axsaxs	kiside	1	No specific role
axsaxs	kdevos	1	No specific role
axsaxs	jurpe	1	No specific role
axsaxs	drives	1	No specific role
axscode	bglimiter	1	No specific role
axspirit	metallah	1	All-Hands Person
axsyrus	treecastle	1	Developer
axsyrus	php-box	1	No specific role
axtens	neuronstorm	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
axton	arsobjhistory	1	No specific role
axton	secureideas	0	DBA (Database Administrator)
axton	rtl	0	No specific role
axton	joarse	0	Developer
axv4745	gameengines	1	Developer
axw	internerve	1	No specific role
axxelmac	astromessier	1	No specific role
axxl	tfn	1	No specific role
axxl	honkele	1	No specific role
axxl	hendl	1	Project Manager
axxo-	pytelemeter	0	Developer
ayagidenturk	papirus	0	Developer
ayahora	sakey	1	No specific role
ayakom	zerog	0	Developer
ayakoshigaya	dblkill	0	Developer
ayala	japana	0	Developer
ayala	boardgameonline	0	No specific role
ayalpinkus	yacas	1	No specific role
ayalpinkus	raypp	0	Developer
ayama	bbrail	1	Project Manager
ayama	dotraid	1	No specific role
ayamane	theater-at-home	0	Developer
ayame	schoolgame	0	Developer
ayan	openidm	0	Developer
ayanc	aibots	1	No specific role
ayanc	wonko	1	No specific role
ayanc	gserve	1	No specific role
ayanc	lhttpd	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
ayance	unipolarstepper	1	Analysis / Design
ayangeorge	aolserver	0	Developer
ayann	ogl-es	0	No specific role
ayanosuke	inktank	1	No specific role
ayansircar	stratosphere	0	Developer
ayarlaga	loci	0	Developer
ayaromenok	diplib	1	No specific role
ayashi	gbafromscratch	0	Developer
ayat	jattrickviewer	1	User Interface (UI) Designer
ayathatem	fps-cerberus	1	Developer
ayau	jcharts	0	No specific role
ayau	gnome-mp3	0	No specific role
aybabtu	aybabtu	1	Project Manager
ayberk	turquaz	0	Developer
ayberkoz	mxflib	0	Developer
aybhave	localization	1	No specific role
aybhave	searchthelan	0	Developer
aybiss	buzz-like	1	Developer
aybiss	farqendoc	1	Developer
ayca	rndcareergame	1	Developer
aycaa	ridenow	0	Developer
aycan_yuk	mobile2pc	0	Developer
aycock	mpiruby	0	No specific role
aycuens	owl	0	Doc Writer
aycuens	hastymail	0	Developer
aydanny	nxpm	0	Developer
aydinme	dr-ea-m	1	Developer
aydinyuksel	dinaphysics	1	Developer
ayeletsh	homemail	1	Project Manager
ayenderahien	rhino-tools	1	No specific role
ayenderahien	nhibernate	0	Developer
ayer1	tinyos	0	No specific role
ayerra	falcon-os	1	Developer
ayerra	xtremesuite	0	No specific role
ayers3	price	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
ayette	netdirector	0	Developer
ayeyebrazo	mms-encode	1	No specific role
ayeye_brazorf	ruota	1	No specific role
ayeye_brazorf	rmail	1	No specific role
ayeye_brazorf	deface-no-tnx	1	No specific role
ayeye_brazorf	beachr	1	No specific role
ayeye_brazorf	bbowl	1	No specific role
ayguneys	movielibrarian	1	Project Manager
ayguneys	wpanel	1	No specific role
ayguneys	nobug	1	No specific role
ayhan	easyldap	1	Analysis / Design
ayhan	cahitarf	1	No specific role
ayhmi	sketchpadrecons	1	Developer
aying	wala	0	Developer
ayisyenmyth	inprotect	0	Doc Writer
aykuterd	muzikkatalogu	1	No specific role
aykutset	javamonopoly	0	Developer
aykyo	areath	1	Developer
ayladantas	deployment	0	Developer
aylesma	vistaoutreach	0	Developer
aylex	coq4eclipse	1	No specific role
aylex	dvi4eclipse	1	No specific role
aylmar	tanfrag	0	Developer
ayman	templateengine	0	Developer
ayman19	openquran19	1	No specific role
aymaneltabakh	mufix	0	Developer
aymeric44	gargamail-t	0	No specific role
ayngush	ladder	1	Project Manager
aynsley	phpwebsite-comm	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
aynsoft	online-school	1	No specific role
ayocool	simax	1	No specific role
ayoe	flr	0	Developer
ayokomizo	sgcm	1	Developer
ayosher	kscope	0	Developer
ayoze	pictoposter	0	No specific role
ayozego	phantomquest	0	Editorial/Content Writer
aypok	tuxserve	1	No specific role
ayqazi	libayq	1	All-Hands Person
ayqazi	islamicgaming	1	All-Hands Person
ayresb	opennms	0	Developer
ayrkain	biblic	0	Developer
ayrnieu	manarchive	0	No specific role
ayryq	photosensitive	1	No specific role
ayryq	weddingwebsite	1	No specific role
aysal	domainseller	1	No specific role
aysenurengil	ide4db	0	No specific role
ayson	sdnwsg	0	Tester
aystarik	bltk	1	No specific role
aysz88	wiki-flcelloguy	1	Developer
aytac	opentelco	0	Distributor/Promoter
ayteng	ide4db	0	Editorial/Content Writer
ayteng	mobilcrm	0	Editorial/Content Writer
ayuken	nanuva	1	No specific role
ayurchik	phpbbsoap	1	No specific role
ayush_agrawal	port-scanner	1	No specific role
ayush_gupta	imagelabyrinth	1	No specific role
aywinya	sapito	1	No specific role
ayyoub	aousis	1	Project Manager
ayyoub	moodle	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
ayzax	ball-messenger	0	Unix Admin
ayze	mobileblogger	1	Developer
az-qw_erty	boredboard	1	No specific role
az2000	shortcutter	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
az3rty	tikiwiki	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
az911	mnasp	1	No specific role
azaballa	stella	0	Developer
azabel	pandora	0	Developer
azabel	pandoramon	0	Developer
azachar	valuelist	0	Developer
azaclauson	mavericklite	1	No specific role
azaclauson	pbxbilleng	1	No specific role
azaclauson	obelisk-sipd	1	No specific role
azaezel	dcxtoolsuite	0	Developer
azaidi	zfs	1	No specific role
azakharenko	mp3portall	1	No specific role
azakhary	webos	0	Developer
azalea_alatus	cdscc	0	Developer
azambon	genmapp	1	Developer
azambuja	pswem	0	Project Manager
azamh	shabadoo	1	No specific role
azammitdcarf	quexml	1	No specific role
azanetti	bbk	1	No specific role
azappala	xwidgets	1	Developer
azappala	enterprisejini	1	Project Manager
azaraskin	humane	1	Developer
azarchs	xmlalbum	1	No specific role
azaroth42	pypvm	1	No specific role
azaroth42	tyrannioware	1	Project Manager
azaroth42	cheshire3	1	No specific role
azasello	nmm	0	Developer
azat1b	runsbml	1	No specific role
azatht	autogen-pl	1	No specific role
azatht	automod	1	No specific role
azatht	dcgui-gtk	1	No specific role
azaupa_sf	mogeci	1	Project Manager
azawacki	devkitpro	0	Doc Writer
azazael	phizz-hqm	0	No specific role
azaze1	utstats	1	No specific role
azazeal	obj-candles	1	No specific role
azazel147	solc	1	Developer
azazello	arecorlib	1	Developer
azazello	gdoxywizard	1	No specific role
azazelo	sakreble	0	Doc Writer
azazelone	javagide	0	Developer
azbayar	digiportal	0	Developer
azbestian	interpascal	1	No specific role
azbestos	paradigmdj	0	No specific role
azbuky	czxnetswitch	1	No specific role
azdaja	packetron	1	No specific role
azdaja	steamer	0	Developer
azd_lowry	shellfish	1	Developer
azeban	decker	0	Developer
azeigler	activemap	1	Project Manager
azeini	shabware	1	No specific role
azeini	gooyesh	1	No specific role
azeini	chapar	1	No specific role
azeini	compiere	0	Developer
azeitler	aspintranet	1	No specific role
azekeprofit	spf	1	Developer
azelenik	isportal05	0	Developer
azelenin	unite	1	No specific role
azemiel	javasim	0	Analysis / Design
azeneski	cayambe	0	Developer
azeneski	ofbiz	1	All-Hands Person
azensun	endofmonth	1	No specific role
azephrahel	iwhack	1	No specific role
azer	aforms	1	No specific role
azerck	open-ms	0	Developer
azerifire	firecms	1	No specific role
azerkoculu	flickrslideshw	1	No specific role
azeroth	hexdot	0	Developer
azeroth47	netsonic	1	Developer
azerr	gestcv	1	No specific role
azerr	formview	1	No specific role
azerr	ogctool	1	Project Manager
azerr	akrogen	1	No specific role
azerr	rtftemplate	1	No specific role
azerr	jsptabcontrol	1	No specific role
azerr	jscontrolstags	1	No specific role
azerr	egf	1	No specific role
azerttyu	drog	1	No specific role
azertyman	generigest	1	No specific role
azett	mozilocms	1	Developer
azett	mozilowiki	1	Developer
azettl	cmsbox	1	Developer
azeurael	s60cast	1	No specific role
azfar	zambeel	1	Developer
azhaskell	cfopenbb	0	Tester
azhobbes	quickos	1	Developer
azhockeynut	freecol	0	Editorial/Content Writer
azhrarn	flat	1	No specific role
azhrarn	unitpp	1	No specific role
azhrarnlod	trilldev	1	Project Manager
azhrarnlod	openwinbot	1	Project Manager
azhrarnlod	ircdefender	0	Developer
azhyd	kpdfimport	1	No specific role
azhyd	ksirtet	1	No specific role
azhyd	konvert	1	No specific role
azhyd	kdao	1	No specific role
azhyd	klickety	1	No specific role
azhyd	kfouleggs	1	No specific role
azhyd	kmines	1	No specific role
azhyd	plotextractor	1	No specific role
azhyd	piklab	1	Project Manager
aziarko	accessgrid	0	No specific role
azidhouse	al4java	0	Developer
azidhouse	vitojournal	1	Project Manager
azidhouse	gl4java	0	Developer
aziegelb	thedude	1	Developer
aziegelb	libcisco	1	No specific role
aziemer	javavtx	1	No specific role
azim2	ltag	0	No specific role
azimaie	p5x	1	No specific role
azimi	dc-qt	0	Developer
azimir	cidserver	0	No specific role
azimmermann	phpmypcnet	1	All-Hands Person
azimow	opendating	1	No specific role
azim_husain	dcnds	1	Developer
azinco_r	wired	0	Developer
azinger	wcollage	1	No specific role
azinger	bsheet	1	No specific role
azin_azadi	graphlab	1	Developer
aziz	cglinux	0	Developer
aziz	prctl	1	No specific role
aziz	flex-sched	1	No specific role
azizashofte	mtfarsi	1	Project Manager
azizsault	athosrfid	0	Project Manager
azizsharif	mybeans	1	Project Manager
azja	grapher	0	Developer
azjerry	portalog	0	Developer
azkuene	videomanlib	1	No specific role
azkuene	videoman	1	No specific role
azl	mandalay	0	Developer
azladytech	theseus	0	Tester
azlatanov	lfc	0	Developer
azlon	http-chat-proto	1	Developer
azmedaj	file-opener	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
azmodan2	hmailserver	0	Developer
azmodie	grip-webwalker	0	Distributor/Promoter
azmodius	reflexengine	1	Project Manager
aznchong91	cheesybb	0	Developer
aznium	itle	1	No specific role
aznium	jxhub	0	Tester
aznpwr	iki	0	Developer
azns0ui	dpsys	1	Developer
azoff	pisg	0	Developer
azola7	cloudquest	0	Developer
azopteks	fusionlinux	1	Developer
azopteks	freewaste	1	Developer
azote	wtcom	1	No specific role
azote	bzipgui	1	Developer
azote	kipodsync	1	No specific role
azplamen	osics	0	No specific role
azpro	monolingual	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
azquelt	bugrdspace	0	Developer
azraael	eoglass	1	No specific role
azraam	tulipsvgexport	0	Developer
azrael-uk	jtorrent	0	Developer
azrael-uk	gtinyfugue	1	No specific role
azrael2	opensync	1	No specific role
azrael2	libsyncml	1	Developer
azrael2	multisync	1	Developer
azrael3000	otc6	0	Developer
azraelcandie	proazr	1	No specific role
azrael_al10	gervasproject	0	Developer
azrailbp	quarkplusplus	0	Developer
azrath	icalparser-php	1	No specific role
azrath	icalparser	0	Developer
azrath	php-album	1	No specific role
azrath	mysql-bind	0	Developer
azret	codelens	1	Developer
azria	turd	1	Developer
azrial	themerchant	1	Developer
azrial	projectrage	1	No specific role
azrich	concentration	1	No specific role
azroura	qlor	0	Support Manager
aztech05	multicasper	1	No specific role
aztk	mitienda	1	Project Manager
azuah	dave	1	Project Manager
azucar	azucarcms	1	No specific role
azuel	breve	0	Developer
azuel	wxmud	1	Developer
azuen	worship	1	Developer
azugaldia	universala	1	No specific role
azugaldia	granada	1	No specific role
azugaldia	gsl-sharp	1	No specific role
azugaldia	lsf	1	Project Manager
azugaldia	monoevo	1	Developer
azul	telbless	0	Developer
azumanga	minion	1	Project Manager
azummo	tiffscan	1	No specific role
azummo	nslu	0	Developer
azummo	ethernut	0	Developer
azundris	evidence	1	Project Manager
azundris	enlightenment	1	Developer
azunino	gcallerid	1	No specific role
azurazu	mycts	0	No specific role
azurazu	poweradmin	1	Developer
azurazu	rubberduck	1	No specific role
azurebrd	praya	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
azurebrd	obo	0	Developer
azureiii	conductrpg	1	Editorial/Content Writer
azuresce	jt400	0	Developer
azure_ardee	condorm	1	No specific role
azure_ardee	hypworks	0	Developer
azuriel	cebmtp	1	No specific role
azurit	sat	1	No specific role
azurite	yacas	1	No specific role
azuroff	freejcs	1	No specific role
azuroff	jcheckbook	1	No specific role
azuroth	wugoss	0	Developer
azuryth	astrog	1	Project Manager
azuth	icat	1	Project Manager
azuu	zirc	1	No specific role
azveljee	sednap2p	1	Developer
azverkan	expression	0	Developer
azy	collective	1	No specific role
azy	plone	0	Developer
azylber	princed	0	All-Hands Person
azylber	md5decode	1	Developer
azz1	mpfms	1	No specific role
azzajedidi	gen4ip	0	Developer
azzava	wasteland	0	Editorial/Content Writer
azzazello	csharpemu	1	Project Manager
azzazzel	detectbrowser	1	No specific role
azzazzel	jstopwatch	1	Developer
azzazzel	flash-xml	1	No specific role
azzazzel	mysqlweb	1	No specific role
azzuron	zimfm	1	No specific role
azzuron	videoman	0	Developer
azzyloth	athenacl	0	Developer
azzytee	blizcode	1	No specific role
azzy_	libass	1	No specific role
az_bell	builtitonce	1	Developer
az_sw_dude	boost-sandbox	0	Developer
az_sw_dude	boost	1	Developer
a_afra	filmshrink	1	No specific role
a_almroth	gnade	0	Developer
a_alper	mmrpgsite	1	No specific role
a_arif_r	siska	1	No specific role
a_b	inkscape	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
a_barbosa	drpython	0	Developer
a_barrow	gpsharp	1	No specific role
a_belenko	ggnfs	0	Developer
a_bi	sia-iage	0	No specific role
a_blokeh	game-controller	1	No specific role
a_bochmann	centraview-eu	1	Project Manager
a_bogucki	rubyregextodfa	1	Developer
a_camek	cobricks	0	Developer
a_caramia	jopac2	1	Project Manager
a_cevik	gf-3xplorer	1	No specific role
a_charytoniuk	virtua	1	Project Manager
a_deluca	mrep	1	Developer
a_distasi	yatec	1	No specific role
a_engels	wikipedia	0	No specific role
a_engels	pywikipediabot	1	Developer
a_gete	openbravo	0	Developer
a_guenther	jtourlib	0	Developer
a_g_connell	heartbit	0	Project Manager
a_g_trainer	agtrainer	0	Project Manager
a_hackmann	pythia-project	1	Developer
a_hansmann	hexachess	1	No specific role
a_hartung	sblim	0	No specific role
a_hindawi	drts	0	Developer
a_hoffmann	jeuclid	0	No specific role
a_h_ahmadi	jprintutil	1	Developer
a_ilyin	bpft4	0	Developer
a_ilyin	freednc	1	Project Manager
a_ilyin	elips	0	Developer
a_jakulin	symmetry	0	Developer
a_jediknight	shadowrunmmo	1	Project Manager
a_j_moran	rapple	1	Project Manager
a_j_moran	certd	1	No specific role
a_j_moran	iscs	1	Developer
a_j_moran	vtun	0	No specific role
a_j_moran	wpg-proxy	0	Developer
a_j_newton	freebased	0	No specific role
a_k	cdbaf	1	No specific role
a_kijewski	rubyregextodfa	1	Developer
a_king91	mkwrd	1	No specific role
a_kovalenko	tktoolkit	0	Developer
a_lamothe	message-daemon	1	No specific role
a_larsson	systemspecifyer	0	Developer
a_lemessurier	squest	1	No specific role
a_lemessurier	capturetf	0	No specific role
a_loconte	ibis	0	Developer
a_lumyanski	pmd	0	Developer
a_lumyanski	jxsd	1	No specific role
a_madl	jsmime	1	No specific role
a_maenchen	pcmsystem	0	Developer
a_manabe	dollyp	1	No specific role
a_manuel	pmdex	0	Developer
a_marinc	let	0	Developer
a_marsano	xml2sqr	0	No specific role
a_martinez	hmi-gesmon3	0	Developer
a_mastronardi	biosqueak	1	Unix Admin
a_matteur	geexbox-vdr	1	Developer
a_maze_d	qbubblemp	0	Developer
a_melo	easybo	1	No specific role
a_merlin	qmp	1	No specific role
a_minas	pyunitgui	1	No specific role
a_momose	openldap-ha	0	Developer
a_monge	screenassistant	1	No specific role
a_moogle	pixship-proj	1	No specific role
a_m_k	opentac2	0	Developer
a_naumann	oess	1	No specific role
a_negus	pymvc	1	Developer
a_negus	agtrainer	1	Developer
a_n_n_a_m	n-type	0	Developer
a_olle	easytimetracker	1	No specific role
a_ortale	avatarsdev	0	Developer
a_pankov	nir-simulator	1	No specific role
a_pankov	grider	1	Project Manager
a_paskal	ananasproject	1	No specific role
a_petrozzelli	xforms4net	1	Project Manager
a_petrozzelli	xformswiki	1	No specific role
a_petrozzelli	concentre-xml	0	Developer
a_phoenix	jdx	0	Tester
a_place_2_stand	rubixtimer	1	No specific role
a_ply	mason-starter	1	Developer
a_pohl	dcorba	0	Tester
a_pohl	pamdms	0	Developer
a_purikov	ocad2mp	1	Developer
a_quadraccia72	cuc	0	Developer
a_romagnoli	jdaf	1	No specific role
a_rueckert	java-chess	1	No specific role
a_r_ferreira	java-fu	1	No specific role
a_r_karthic	cldb	1	No specific role
a_r_karthic	contig-alloc	1	No specific role
a_r_karthic	simple-threads	1	No specific role
a_r_karthic	mir-os	0	No specific role
a_sauerhoefer	acrypt	1	No specific role
a_schwarzkopf	typo3xdev	0	Developer
a_senna	t1000	1	No specific role
a_senna	scat	1	No specific role
a_serghei	qfaxreader	1	No specific role
a_shestakov	psxdevru	1	Developer
a_sokoloff	ldapadmin	0	No specific role
a_spinella	nuri	1	No specific role
a_stecca	mephit	1	Developer
a_stenzel	algebsql	0	Developer
a_sundman	flogger	1	All-Hands Person
a_syedin	taureq	1	No specific role
a_s_z	cutassistant	1	Developer
a_taherkordi	jpos	0	Developer
a_taherkordi	httpremoting	1	No specific role
a_taherkordi	mx4j	0	Developer
a_theissler	msc-blue	0	Developer
a_thiele	project-borg	1	Developer
a_thiele	tce	1	Developer
a_tobler	bdwgc	1	Developer
a_tree_123	nstats	0	Doc Writer
a_v	openinteract	1	Developer
a_valentino	bestgui	1	No specific role
a_vidal	openhawk	1	No specific role
a_volz	cobricks	0	Developer
a_v_g	x86libm	1	No specific role
a_v_g	winntposix	1	No specific role
a_wilson	openraytrace	1	No specific role
a_wronski	jdntools	1	Developer
a_yang	amyyang	1	No specific role
a_yang	alexandria	1	Tester
a_yang	unix09182006	1	No specific role
a_yang1	alexandria	1	Project Manager
a_yang1	amyyang	0	No specific role
a_yang1	amyunix2	1	No specific role
a_yang2	amyyang	0	No specific role
a_yang2	alexandria	0	Web Designer
a_yang2	unix09182006	0	No specific role
a_yang22	amyyang	1	No specific role
a_yang26	amyunix2	1	No specific role
b-a-l-i-n	l7f	1	Developer
b-b-r	lemonite	0	Distributor/Promoter
b-d	phpclancore	1	Developer
b-d_	weightwatcher	1	No specific role
b-g-m	m3u2xplconv	1	No specific role
b-glawe	listof	1	No specific role
b-ignaces_9	hx-p	0	No specific role
b-nimble	dunit	0	Developer
b-o-m	bom	0	Developer
b-o-n-d	mp4menu	1	Developer
b-o-n-d	maddxshow	1	All-Hands Person
b-s-a	texpack	1	Developer
b-s-a	silentbob	0	Tester
b-shen	webjabber	1	All-Hands Person
b-styles	bigrcms	0	Graphic/Other Designer
b-za	chequeredflag	1	No specific role
b-za	untar-and-play	1	Project Manager
b00lean	wifi4j	1	No specific role
b00rt00s	x11-pinkibuild	1	No specific role
b00ter	actions-ds	1	No specific role
b00z00	phpsurveyor	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
b01010110	opentcp	1	No specific role
b051	hbdkp	1	No specific role
b0b-0001	epplus	1	No specific role
b0b0b0b	pokerbuddy	1	No specific role
b0b0b0b	ronproc	1	No specific role
b0b0tiken	openwwtp	0	Developer
b0b0tiken	d3vscan	0	Developer
b0ba	cmap	0	All-Hands Person
b0bben	heliospace	1	No specific role
b0bbyc	icq7	1	Developer
b0bir0v	scorched3d	0	Developer
b0bir0v	scorched3d-mods	1	Developer
b0da	leaf2	0	Developer
b0kaj	reuseware	1	All-Hands Person
b0ndman	nextbb	1	No specific role
b0nf4	sway	1	Unix Admin
b0o-po0	xbplayer	0	Tester
b0ri5	modcc	1	Project Manager
b0ris747	xiffian	1	Project Manager
b0rje	k2devel	1	Developer
b0rland_ua	temagica	1	No specific role
b0rland_ua	ebak	1	No specific role
b0rreg0	micropang	1	Developer
b0rsten	xaleo	1	No specific role
b0tch	ipbench	0	Developer
b0ther	b0ther	1	No specific role
b0ti	im-ja	1	No specific role
b0ti	gjiten	1	No specific role
b0ti	gszotar	1	No specific role
b0ti	sylpheed-gtk2	1	Developer
b0yk0	umlshapes	1	Developer
b0yk0	lustre	1	No specific role
b0z	wsai	0	Developer
b0z0	csudoku	1	No specific role
b0z0mind	luxor-xul	0	Developer
b0z0mind	ajax	0	Developer
b0zz	owl	1	All-Hands Person
b10nik	torsmo	1	No specific role
b16_3au4uk	pgmfi	0	Developer
b173	listingsbrowser	1	No specific role
b173	nice-hg	1	No specific role
b182	b182	1	No specific role
b1alpha	jameleon	0	Support Manager
b1g	b1gmail	1	No specific role
b1g	b1gbb	1	No specific role
b1g0n3	little-helper	0	Developer
b1gdave	gabber	0	Developer
b1gdave	xmlresume	0	Developer
b1gdave	rubyqt	1	No specific role
b1mmer	nzb-in	1	No specific role
b1n4ry	jspecview	0	Developer
b1sp	a2open	1	No specific role
b1tr0t	jglchartutil	1	No specific role
b1tr0t	olduvai	0	No specific role
b1tr0t	freevsaurus	1	No specific role
b1u3w1r3	v00d00-cd-key	1	No specific role
b1u3w1r3	macspoof	1	Developer
b1u3w1r3	phonehome	1	No specific role
b1walke	opendoor	0	Developer
b20vtechb	pgmfi	0	Developer
b23prodtm	pohse	1	No specific role
b23prodtm	sf3jswing	1	No specific role
b23prodtm	website-setup	1	No specific role
b2ag	webamp	1	No specific role
b2e	trublog	0	Developer
b2e3	cweb	0	Developer
b2ornot2b	dlgc	1	No specific role
b2ornot2b	wman	1	No specific role
b2ornot2b	svi	1	No specific role
b2ornot2b	kebox	1	No specific role
b2ornot2b	kvcddev	1	No specific role
b2ornot2b	ffred	1	No specific role
b2ornot2b	opti93xmidikey	1	No specific role
b2ornot2b	cjpg	1	No specific role
b2ornot2b	cpix	1	No specific role
b333n	finalengine	1	No specific role
b3avis	bindmaker	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
b3avis	php-hug	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
b3nn	diamondsearch2d	1	Developer
b3r2c0	x-evian	1	No specific role
b41425	moviegraph	1	No specific role
b4ape	dia2anim	1	No specific role
b4b_6	eclipsedata	1	Developer
b4jojist	maxirace	0	No specific role
b4ls4	zorp-unoff	0	Analysis / Design
b4max	xmltv	0	Developer
b4r0n	j3draw	0	Developer
b4t0	unox1	1	Developer
b4t0	flamingo	1	No specific role
b4t0	partecipa-net	0	Developer
b4yu_ap	basa	0	No specific role
b5fie	seadogs	1	Developer
b5mith	vassalengine	0	Developer
b5sg33	kopkop	1	No specific role
b6275	cryptme	1	No specific role
b6s	bigram-apps	1	No specific role
b706	inf-beheer	0	No specific role
ba22a	perlunit	1	No specific role
ba747heavy	fsrc	1	No specific role
baabu_cit	disfm	1	Developer
baabu_p78	disfm	0	Developer
baadc0de	baadengine	1	No specific role
baag1963	tarifs-postaux	1	Developer
baak	kuml	1	No specific role
baak	qpe	0	Developer
baalster	alfahakupdater	1	Developer
baaltivec	ars-testbench	0	Developer
baananas	phpbse	1	No specific role
baardj	cerebrum	1	Requirements Engineering
baard_stensrud	dedupe	0	Developer
baartr	uvupdate	1	No specific role
baavgai	cdbrowserkit	1	No specific role
bab	btools	1	No specific role
bab	kprof	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
bab	snappea	1	No specific role
bab	regina	1	No specific role
bab	java-readline	0	Developer
bab	palm-monitor	1	No specific role
bab	palm-qotd	1	No specific role
baba2000	abc-elp	1	No specific role
babafou	pkgsrc-wip	0	No specific role
babajaga	pgettext	1	No specific role
babajaga	simg	1	No specific role
babajan	zas	1	No specific role
babakfarshchian	ubicollab	1	No specific role
babakfarshchian	ubibuddy	1	No specific role
babakhan	ragi	0	No specific role
babak_farhang	topoweb	1	No specific role
babak_farhang	mdbj	1	No specific role
babal	quickeasyphp	1	Project Manager
babalui	lockonhr	1	No specific role
babanin	oasisse	1	No specific role
babar	firedraw	1	No specific role
babarq	europa	0	Developer
babasahgal	vmaster	0	No specific role
babatg	vulnscanner	1	No specific role
babaw	ztml	1	No specific role
babaxatron	ta3d	1	Developer
babayoshihiko	fink	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
babaz	vlee	0	Project Manager
babbaloerie	babbaexplorer	1	No specific role
babbel872	starknights	1	No specific role
babbinator925	tora-os	1	No specific role
babbsack14	babb	1	No specific role
babebibobu	flprevalence	1	No specific role
babeface	webrportal	1	Project Manager
babeface	rportal2	1	No specific role
babel	base2d	1	No specific role
babel17	netmod	1	Support Manager
babel17	slicoss	1	Support Manager
babelfish	parchive2	0	No specific role
babelo	xanadux	0	No specific role
babelr	webmoviedb	1	Project Manager
babelworx	cmapp	1	Project Manager
babelworx	cmappcalendar	1	No specific role
babernat	sgp4-j	1	No specific role
babernat	mathcomp	1	No specific role
babernat	mayhemd-server	1	Developer
babett	j-algo	0	No specific role
babgvant	graphrenderer	1	Developer
babich_ma	glps	1	No specific role
babich_ma	traflog	1	No specific role
babin	gnome-memblocks	1	No specific role
babinskiy	im-dev	1	Project Manager
babioneca	wikipedia-api	1	No specific role
babis	trackeditor	1	No specific role
babis	installmagic	1	No specific role
babis	jreg	1	No specific role
babji	ipmgmt	0	Developer
babkin	ttf2pt1	1	No specific role
babkin	nac	1	No specific role
bable5	boxphreak	1	User Interface (UI) Designer
bablick	benedetto	0	Developer
bablind	loki-lib	0	Developer
bablokb	uclibclinux	1	Project Manager
bablokb	java-readline	1	Project Manager
babmidas	wcs-jabe	0	Developer
baboka	swut	1	No specific role
babounours	patchwork13	0	Developer
baboval	webgame	1	No specific role
baboval	e2plug	1	Developer
babsevensix	regattamanager	1	No specific role
babsj	surveysays	1	No specific role
babstosu	serveriot	1	No specific role
babua	tuneer	1	Project Manager
babueter	rover	1	No specific role
babulgogoi	easylibcat	1	No specific role
baburajpm	mobchannel	0	No specific role
babu_r	mmdoc	0	Analysis / Design
babu_r	apostle	0	No specific role
baby	baprog	0	No specific role
baby1970br	replicadorbr	1	Project Manager
babyap	baprog	1	No specific role
babybear-miyuki	eweiss	0	Developer
babybot	yarp0	0	Developer
babyplok	gi-skynet	1	No specific role
babyplok	facelift	1	No specific role
baby_tux	slfn	1	Project Manager
baca07	cdkatalog	1	No specific role
baca07	wff	1	No specific role
bacalao	carplayer	1	No specific role
bacalao	sqlitequery	1	No specific role
bacalfa	opencheese	0	No specific role
bacalhau	bowlfish	1	Developer
bacalhau	gudev	0	Developer
bacalv	j-pdfserver	1	No specific role
bacc	coopx	1	No specific role
baccaharis	udt	0	Developer
baccala	xoscope	1	No specific role
baccala	rfbproxy	1	No specific role
baccardi	secureap	1	Developer
bacchie	mymesql	1	Developer
bacchus	ax25	1	Developer
bacchus	strace	0	No specific role
bacco77	jatclib	0	Developer
bacco77	klearnnotes2	0	Developer
baccy	arjuna	1	No specific role
bach	plot-psxps	1	No specific role
bachamy	preter	1	Project Manager
bachew	divtrin	1	No specific role
bachewychomp	avoidtheroid	1	No specific role
bachfeld	dabot	1	No specific role
bachg	javacad	1	No specific role
bachin	dwpl	0	Developer
bachng	minput	1	No specific role
bachtor	knowledgehome	0	Developer
baci	tikiwiki	0	Developer
baciuvalentin	cd-cat	1	No specific role
back-2-95	fckeditor	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
back-draft	ariesbot	1	Project Manager
back-draft	aiirc	1	No specific role
back-draft	serverscout	1	No specific role
back-side	ballerspiel	1	No specific role
back-slash	democ4phpbb	0	Requirements Engineering
backbone80	php-cat	1	No specific role
backburn	chanserv	1	Developer
backburn	acxp	1	No specific role
backchiche	orion3d	0	No specific role
backd00r	loap	1	No specific role
backdraft0815	simplemap	1	No specific role
backfeed	icheck	1	No specific role
backflash	openbroker	0	Developer
backflash001	controlfreakrat	1	No specific role
backhaus	wesen	1	Developer
backhausen	nocat-webmin	1	No specific role
backinside	ccc-language	0	All-Hands Person
backlin220	obserpcrm	0	Developer
backline	joseph	1	Developer
backline	sgtbash	1	No specific role
backlog	j4cevo	1	No specific role
backpacker262	queenanne	0	Editorial/Content Writer
backseat	xrms	0	Developer
backside	auto-net	0	Web Designer
backslashzero	obfsctordotnet	0	Developer
backspaced	monopolies	1	No specific role
backspaces	valuenetwork	0	Developer
backstrom	opentraining	1	No specific role
backtick	trouble-maker	0	Developer
backupsshnet	javaloganalyser	1	Developer
backwoodsnation	bibletrivia	1	No specific role
backy	teamedit	0	Developer
backyard	globaldeal	0	Developer
backyard	zoneportal	1	Project Manager
back_ag	ts-01	1	No specific role
bacman	xsldoc	1	No specific role
bacon_boy	rockbox	0	Developer
bacon_boy	oinkweb	1	No specific role
bacooper	baculator	1	Developer
bacosmin	flashcomerce	1	No specific role
bacr	gerpdb	0	Requirements Engineering
bacr	verimentorsmerp	0	DBA (Database Administrator)
bacteria	thdict	1	No specific role
bacza	wifit	1	No specific role
bada-bling	rssgm	0	Developer
badara	vlamp	1	No specific role
badari	lse	0	Developer
badaro	rectovo	1	No specific role
badaro	smartappender	1	No specific role
badaro	mundo4j	1	No specific role
badaro	hibrido	1	No specific role
badassjumper	elated	0	No specific role
badassninja	vibewire	0	Developer
badass_cms	bacms	1	No specific role
badatel	cnceditor	1	No specific role
badawang	eimp	0	Developer
badazzflyboy87	bt-sotwf	1	No specific role
badbadboy	structassocmem	1	Developer
badben	ispconfig	0	Developer
badboytim	l2j-headbang	1	Project Manager
badboy_tw2002	j-twat	1	Developer
badbunny	flames	0	Developer
badchoice	themummy	1	Developer
badcrcs	crctcl	1	No specific role
badcur	desert-tankwars	1	Project Manager
badda	http-tunnel	1	No specific role
baddi86	hamsterhunter	1	Project Manager
baddles	r-asp	1	Project Manager
baddog850	noggin	1	Developer
badegruber	artstkmkt	0	No specific role
bademeister77	hacker-contest	0	Tester
badenh	alchemi	0	Developer
badenh	langgator	1	No specific role
badenh	langdb	1	No specific role
badenh	qdif	1	No specific role
badenh	nltk	0	Developer
badenh	olac	1	Developer
bader	openpnl	0	Developer
badfeng	flake	1	No specific role
badfish	stegfs	0	Developer
badfugu	olsr-olod	1	No specific role
badgas	minigolfmaniacs	0	Developer
badger11x	projectcookie	0	No specific role
badgerboy24	pfstools	0	Developer
badgerc82	pixel-commandos	0	No specific role
badgerigar	fireball12	1	No specific role
badger_ken	fofscrape	1	No specific role
badhack	kmusicdb	1	Project Manager
badhand	glade2cs	1	No specific role
badhouse	j-twat	0	Developer
badhya	samooha	0	Tester
badibouzouk	demons	1	No specific role
badibouzouk	dominohunter	1	No specific role
badibouzouk	magellan2	1	No specific role
badinder	cuecreator	0	Developer
badjim	ant-rts	0	No specific role
badjoby	saajoby	1	No specific role
badlandz	myaddressphp	1	No specific role
badm	ddpi	0	Developer
badman0	qingu	1	Developer
badman0	qingu-doc	1	Developer
badman026	theqbot	0	Doc Writer
badmat	javaarena	1	Project Manager
badmonkey6666	btkit-ve	1	No specific role
badmoon	everdark	1	No specific role
badmrmojo	fumble	0	No specific role
badnezz	keepass	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
badnick	al-muzzafar	1	No specific role
badnick	jokey	1	No specific role
badnick	thep2plattice	0	Developer
badnick	webexpress	1	Project Manager
badnick	pachanga	1	No specific role
badp1ayer	najitool	0	Developer
badpirate	answerme	1	No specific role
badprocess	mp3indexfr	1	No specific role
badquanta	geeksimeng	1	No specific role
badquanta	qooaf	1	No specific role
badquanta	ruby4fpc	1	All-Hands Person
badral	openmn	1	Project Manager
badran	pdtux	1	No specific role
badrchentouf	smile-ez-plugin	1	No specific role
badrchentouf	cofaxportlets	1	No specific role
badrchentouf	cofax	0	Project Manager
badri	ci-linux	0	Developer
badri	ssic-linux	0	Developer
badri_v	pfaat	0	Developer
badrkhan	glider-smb	1	No specific role
badrush	script-fougeres	1	Project Manager
bads3ctor	nbtstatce	1	No specific role
badsach	procatanim	1	Developer
badsector	nervebreak	1	No specific role
badsector	sealsystem	1	Developer
badsector	theforcegui	1	Project Manager
badseed	keepass	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
badsnake	mywebsitecms	0	Developer
baduncle	listad	0	No specific role
baduncle	linuxtipps	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
baduras	fwcmd	1	Developer
badzen	jest	1	Project Manager
badzong	arptk	1	No specific role
bad_camel	badcamelgaming	1	No specific role
bad_cat	s1mp3	0	Developer
bad_cherry	gmip	1	Developer
bad_dud	clan-info-menu	1	Project Manager
bad_hex	nightmare00	1	No specific role
bad_hex	xmod2	1	Project Manager
bad_sheep	somenews	0	No specific role
bad_sheep	microbesui	1	No specific role
bad_uid	ddnsbl	1	No specific role
baechooboi	fd3d	0	Developer
baechooboi	fdimage	0	Developer
baeckerp	bizsim	1	No specific role
baed	baed	1	Developer
baefer	jfritz	0	Developer
baeggre	torrentobserver	1	Unix Admin
baekryun	miyeok	1	No specific role
baekryun	narim	1	No specific role
baekryun	gdick	1	Project Manager
baelwrath	haven	1	No specific role
baelwrath	slistmaker	1	No specific role
baenec	sharpbrowser	1	No specific role
baepel	trivial	0	Developer
baeran	btonline-btech	0	Developer
baerm	dnssec-tools	1	Developer
baerm	opensnmp	1	No specific role
baerm	net-snmp	1	Developer
baerm	net-policy	1	Developer
baerrs	wormblock	1	All-Hands Person
baertiger	jppf-project	0	No specific role
baerwatz	karma-tools	1	Developer
baettig	spidergen	1	No specific role
baeumel	storystream	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
baez	madkit	0	Developer
bafana	monojmx	0	Developer
bafarrar	microjavadallas	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
baffies	arguscodewatch	0	Developer
bafield	oosys	0	Developer
bafishe	sandiaportals	0	Developer
bafman	tactic	0	Developer
baford	uip	1	No specific role
baford	midcom-p2p	1	No specific role
bafuller	xpultimate	1	No specific role
baga	rtzme	0	No specific role
baga	formconv	0	No specific role
bagani	kalantiaw	1	No specific role
bagder	mail2sms	1	No specific role
bagder	libssh2	0	Developer
bagder	libdenise	1	Project Manager
bagder	sentensa	1	No specific role
bagder	rockbox	1	Developer
bagder	netracer	1	No specific role
bagder	spam	1	Project Manager
bagder	smash	1	No specific role
bagder	c-ares	1	Project Manager
bagder	cdetect	0	Developer
bagder	hypermail	1	Developer
bagder	gemoss	0	No specific role
bagder	dancer	1	No specific role
bagder	curl	1	Project Manager
bagder	ctrio	1	Developer
bageler	segfu	1	No specific role
bageler	tsheet	0	Developer
bagelesque	moputty	1	No specific role
baget	dialerdotnet	1	Developer
bagger_cz	kaservice	1	No specific role
baggins	pam	0	Developer
bagginsb	menge-engine	0	Developer
baggio10	pickem	1	No specific role
baggiome	szglab	1	No specific role
baggioo	cyberbabel	1	No specific role
baggtrixx	gb-card	1	Developer
bagheera83	weatherdaemon	1	Developer
baghira-style	baghira	1	No specific role
baghuis	oedispatch	1	No specific role
baghuis	mbdispatch	1	No specific role
baghya_sri	theclass-org	0	Developer
bagir	starshop	0	Developer
bagle	centericq-expl	1	No specific role
bagley5	dijinni	1	Developer
bagman	dash42	1	Developer
bagman	seek42	1	Developer
bagna	scheme4j	1	Project Manager
bagnara	ppl	1	No specific role
bagnew	classfind	1	No specific role
bagnew	tufte	1	No specific role
bagnew	antspaces	1	No specific role
bagnew	xmltask	1	No specific role
bagnonm	tktoolkit	0	No specific role
bago75	x2ml	1	All-Hands Person
bago75	gameframe	0	No specific role
bago75	ataraxia	1	Project Manager
bagokhale	bace	0	Developer
bagon	davidson-2006-a	1	No specific role
bagon	davidson-2006-b	1	No specific role
bagpuss	epsonepl	1	Project Manager
bagrehc	open-chartml	1	No specific role
bagrehc	jptc	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bagrowjp	plotdroppy	1	No specific role
bags43	pigdonkey	1	All-Hands Person
bagu	runcms	0	Developer
baguettebros	pong4it	1	No specific role
baguitos	imanga	0	Developer
bagus	netzbrett	0	Developer
bagus	fwc	1	No specific role
bagusb	acusto	1	No specific role
bagyenda	mbuni	1	No specific role
bagzton	andromeda9	1	No specific role
bah	trackattack	1	No specific role
bah	riskquantify	1	Developer
bahamout	racevite	1	Developer
bahamut222	oproject	1	No specific role
bahamuth	colimamud	0	Developer
bahamutzero	xmemedit	0	Developer
bahamut_zero_mx	g3d-aztek	1	No specific role
baha_faqih	bmfo	0	Developer
baha_faqih	rapc	0	No specific role
baha_faqih	dcmms	0	Developer
baha_faqih	dccss	0	Developer
bahbahsheep	pc2	1	Project Manager
bahboom	geotraxtion	0	Developer
baheythabet	nsynch	0	Developer
bahgdadc	qaproxy	1	No specific role
bahgdadc	testfoundry	1	Developer
bahgdadc	testmaster	0	Developer
bahlouls	interldap	1	Project Manager
bahlouls	backproxy	1	No specific role
bahlouls	aacls	1	No specific role
bahni	sehr	0	Developer
bahockey	regulus	1	Developer
bahockey	howe	1	Project Manager
bahockey	leonlp	0	Analysis / Design
bahockey	medslt	0	Developer
bahramian	jesb	1	Project Manager
bahramian	juiml	0	Developer
bahramshahr	firefoxlangfa	1	No specific role
bai	yafdotnet	0	Developer
baidakov	smsbylan	1	No specific role
baidshryans	mm2mpb	1	No specific role
baijo	qftp	0	Developer
baiju12	socketwatch	1	No specific role
baijum81	koha	0	Developer
baijum81	malayalam-gnome	1	Developer
baijum81	malayalamlinux	1	Developer
baijum81	z3d	1	No specific role
baiken	playerme	1	No specific role
bailey34	hoopseason	1	No specific role
bailin	lumaqqproject	1	Graphic/Other Designer
bailopan	metamod-p	1	Developer
bailopan	metamod	0	Developer
bailopan	metacms	1	No specific role
bailopan	sourcemod	1	No specific role
bailopan	sourcemm	1	Developer
bailopan	tcwphpalbum	1	Developer
bailopan	amxmodx	1	Project Manager
baily	lirc	0	Developer
baily	winlirc	1	Developer
bain	multidb	1	Project Manager
bain	illum001	1	Project Manager
baines	bf2142utility	1	No specific role
bainish	zmod	1	No specific role
bain_online	clgui	1	No specific role
bairos	arandu	1	Developer
bais	phpsmsgw	1	No specific role
baitalmal	bitleaf	1	No specific role
baitalmal	gnewsalert	1	No specific role
baitronic	lcddriver	1	No specific role
baixiaozhe	geoassistant	0	Developer
bajaatan	mht2htm	1	No specific role
bajackson	sdtoolkit	1	No specific role
bajanbeast	commgen	1	Project Manager
bajk	abakus	0	Web Designer
bajopalabra	openfox	1	No specific role
bajzat	thinlet	1	Project Manager
bak	pcj	1	No specific role
bak	mivic	1	Developer
bak	bibpad	1	No specific role
bak-	continuumlt	1	Developer
bak-	ss-discretion	1	No specific role
baka0815	aepgb	0	No specific role
bakafish	tivotool	0	Developer
bakalski	freqx	1	No specific role
bakattila	fornax	0	Developer
baka_rob	baitnswitch	0	Developer
bakedjake	cvswebclient	0	No specific role
bakeman	sbxp	1	No specific role
bakeman	ccod	1	No specific role
bakeman	xaint	1	No specific role
bakemono	spingoof	1	Project Manager
bakemono	stickmenwars	1	No specific role
bakemono	proteusrpg	1	Project Manager
bakemono	tuxboxgames	1	Project Manager
bakemono	tuxbox	0	Developer
bakemono	ninjawarrior	1	Project Manager
baker99-bull	nasa-exp	1	Developer
baker99-bull	wwmodules	0	Developer
bakerian	mxflib	0	Developer
bakerian	aaf	0	Developer
bakerja	ipt2mrtg	0	Developer
bakerq	humanchain	0	Developer
bakers	vme	1	No specific role
bakeyev	xxkb	0	Developer
bakeyev	sodipodi	0	Developer
bakeyev	gnome-cyr	1	Project Manager
bakgn	votebutton	1	No specific role
bakie	osems	1	No specific role
bakira	unwiredap	1	Project Manager
bakirzaciragic	dmlite	0	Developer
bakka	oneripper	0	No specific role
bakkdoor	trion	0	Developer
bakkei	cimsol-mc	0	Developer
bakkelun	dostopia	1	Project Manager
bakkelun	sais	0	Graphic/Other Designer
bakkhos	cddcdbzmanager	1	No specific role
bakkiaraj	sdbase	1	No specific role
bakkis	aortas	0	No specific role
bakkis	judoo	1	Project Manager
baklanoid	videocollector	1	No specific role
baklushin	unicore	0	Developer
bakoonet	cffbasic	1	No specific role
bakreule	chesstree	1	No specific role
bakreule	chessaid	1	No specific role
bakreule	iceutilapi	0	Developer
bakreule	icedev	0	Developer
bakreule	arson	1	Project Manager
bakshara	virtualpcinpc	1	No specific role
bakter	oclcc	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
bakti	jadacz	0	Developer
baktrasf	mmsap	1	No specific role
bakuretsu	outlay	1	No specific role
bakusf	underscormalloc	1	No specific role
bakusf	mod-stego	1	No specific role
bakusf	nietzsche	1	No specific role
bal00bear	ocuk	1	Project Manager
balaamsmiracle	mediabackup	1	No specific role
balachandar	weblookexpress	1	Project Manager
balachandar	environ	1	No specific role
balachandar	tamilfirefox	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
balachandarg	netrad	1	No specific role
balachandarg	enablereport	1	No specific role
balachandranp	wvrfid	0	No specific role
balachmar	qonk	0	No specific role
balachmar	mythcopy	1	No specific role
baladharma	minios	1	No specific role
baladutt	bubblebreaker	1	No specific role
balaftuna	balaftuna	1	No specific role
balajagadish	pda-daart	0	Developer
balajiapen	apenmoolgen	0	No specific role
balajig	kudzu	0	Tester
balajig81	namc	0	Developer
balajig81	ante	0	Developer
balajim	smartsql	1	No specific role
balajipr	sanchez-gtm	0	Developer
balajir12	cgd-linux	1	No specific role
balajiramani	kradio	0	Developer
balajivt	isbiology	0	Developer
balaji_92	meinds	0	No specific role
balala	webusercontrol	1	No specific role
balala	gub	1	No specific role
balamm	analoglive	1	No specific role
balamm	at2-extreme	1	Developer
balamm	phptri-2005	1	No specific role
balamood2	openca	0	Developer
balamurali	onepoint	1	No specific role
balamurali	openmms	0	Developer
balamurali	mycrm	0	Analysis / Design
balamurali	iramsap	1	Developer
balamuralikn	entitybuilder	1	No specific role
balamuralikn	dbadmin	1	No specific role
balamurugan	gnuyahoo	0	Developer
balancer_bench	balancerbench	1	No specific role
balancesli	dget	1	No specific role
balanica	posysos	0	Developer
balaraman_p	vtigerforums	0	Developer
balaramesh5	shopcrm	1	No specific role
balaras	tavshed	1	No specific role
balareddy007	hammurapi	0	No specific role
balashov	im-dev	0	Developer
balaspiyush	smessenger	0	Developer
balat	oct	1	Unix Admin
balaya	javavided	1	Project Manager
balazs	jmailconfig	1	Project Manager
balazsb	movix	0	Developer
balazstth	consense	1	No specific role
bala_amavasai	mimas	1	Project Manager
bala_kk	pdfprn	1	No specific role
bala_r	bbgaming	1	Developer
bala_sambandam	opencartools	1	No specific role
bala_sambandam	cppj	1	No specific role
bala_sambandam	emantools	1	No specific role
balbertini	archc	0	Developer
balbgied	pmwikipw	1	No specific role
balbgied	mtpintranetas	1	Developer
balbinus	fluorine	1	No specific role
balbinus	doaml	1	No specific role
balbinus	savonet	0	Developer
balbinus	rdfpicx	1	No specific role
balbir	lessonbuilder	0	No specific role
balbirthomas	schematic	1	No specific role
balbon	vgmapeditor	1	No specific role
balcara	qp2ooo	1	Developer
balchunasm	openscheduling	1	No specific role
baldac_b	warshinp	0	Developer
baldanzi	a-k-i-r-a	0	Developer
baldas	archc	1	Project Manager
baldazzar	embedany	1	No specific role
baldeephira	jiki	1	No specific role
balderasmd	ezt	1	Developer
baldercm	redkernel	1	Project Manager
baldheadedguy	log4cplus	0	Developer
baldi	netnice	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
baldi	xbox-bsd	1	No specific role
baldmountain	tekhne	1	Project Manager
baldo	estlogger	1	Project Manager
baldo	estsearchdlgs	1	No specific role
baldone	tjr	1	No specific role
baldosoft	umlnet	1	Developer
baldosoft	net-impulse	1	No specific role
baldosoft	bewos	0	Developer
baldosoft	hzero	1	No specific role
baldown	hippie	1	No specific role
baldpenguin	wtf-tracker	0	Developer
baldree	webwork	1	Project Manager
baldree	vboss	1	All-Hands Person
baldree	csv	1	No specific role
baldree	petsoar	1	Developer
baldree	opensymphony	1	Developer
baldrick	netraider	0	Distributor/Promoter
baldrin	dz3d	0	No specific role
baldtrol	qarelease	1	No specific role
baldua	xippo	0	Developer
baldur63	befpc	1	Project Manager
baldurk	devmaster	0	Developer
baldus	marcpm	0	No specific role
baldvin	mason-starter	1	Developer
baldvin	dongo	1	No specific role
baldvin	glay	1	No specific role
baldvin	univpn	1	Developer
baldvin	mdbgrid	1	No specific role
balee	nuclear	0	Developer
balee	wldmkr	0	Developer
baleg	stlgl	1	No specific role
baleine	serial-manager	1	No specific role
balena	e-comm	1	No specific role
balerion	pn-modules	0	Developer
balexfr	bacula	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
balfagon	stats4oo	0	Developer
balg	nastyfingerspl	0	No specific role
balgo	phgstats	1	Developer
balgo	phpmysig	1	No specific role
balgo	q3serverstats	1	Developer
balhoff	obo	0	Developer
baliame	annihilation	0	Developer
balibani	ppfn	0	Developer
balieiro	visualpseudo	1	Project Manager
balieiro	dadinho	1	No specific role
baliello	rimario	1	No specific role
balihb	balihbs-scripts	1	No specific role
balik_26	klearnnotes2	0	Developer
balilla	jink	1	Project Manager
balin	scripturenotes	1	No specific role
balin	bnetutils	1	No specific role
balinares	spyrit	1	No specific role
balinares	ljklient	0	Developer
balinares	pylgrim	1	No specific role
balinha	svgpda	1	No specific role
balintkis	photoorg	1	No specific role
balisagar	pjam	0	No specific role
balisagar	jgate	1	No specific role
balisagar	expinc	1	No specific role
balise	bugzilla-fr	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
balise	easycv	1	No specific role
balisoft	sg-ng	0	Developer
balistik	skywatch	1	No specific role
balisto	ata	1	No specific role
balistof	profiler	1	No specific role
baliuka	eob	0	Developer
baliuka	xorm	0	Developer
baliuka	cglib	1	Developer
baliuka	jkj	1	No specific role
baliuka	voruta	1	No specific role
baljemmett	zinc-if	1	Developer
balk0th	ev0lution	0	No specific role
balkanaan	zource	1	No specific role
balkce	gdgraph	1	No specific role
balki_sk	oo-sk	0	Developer
balkus	net-mail-system	1	No specific role
balky	intrakchat	1	Developer
ball-forum	ball-forum	1	No specific role
ballabio	g2dlib	1	No specific role
ballabio	vdbuilder	1	No specific role
ballagas	iros	1	Developer
ballaln	test-tube	1	No specific role
ballards	openemr	1	Developer
ballarin	afp	0	Developer
ballbess	velomaster	1	Project Manager
balleman	netmrg	1	No specific role
ballen	glc	1	No specific role
ballen4705	smartmontools	1	Project Manager
ballester	mod-quota-ldap	1	Developer
ballestr	www-sql	1	Project Manager
ballestr	collect	1	Project Manager
balleyne	nateoffice	1	Developer
balliano	merlinwork	1	Developer
balliano	t-project	1	Developer
balliano	hostingbackup	1	No specific role
balliano	p4a	1	No specific role
balliano	pongoweb	1	No specific role
balliano	uck	1	No specific role
balliano	equogest	0	Developer
balliano	elawmanager	0	Web Designer
ballie01	pypgsql	1	Project Manager
balliet	newsys	1	No specific role
ballimal	ifconverter	1	No specific role
ballimal	visualwget	1	No specific role
ballinette	opensi	1	Developer
ballinette	qif2java	1	No specific role
ballison	mikmod	0	Developer
ballison	nsis	0	Developer
ballombe	jamd	0	Developer
balloyd1	vegastrike	0	Developer
ballrc9	ball-messenger	1	All-Hands Person
balls	tclxml	1	Project Manager
balls	tclsoap	0	Developer
balls	xsltsl	1	Project Manager
balls	waxml	1	No specific role
balls	docbook	0	Developer
balls199	adam3d	1	No specific role
balls199	rutonedeaf	1	No specific role
balls199	raytrace	1	No specific role
balls199	opensourcewiki	1	Developer
balls199	smstockselecter	1	No specific role
balls199	lohimedia	1	Developer
ballsacian1	exponent	0	Developer
ballueder	mahogany	0	Developer
ballueder	kbackup	1	Developer
balluffif	modgssapache	1	No specific role
bally	monetdb	0	Developer
bally	spiegle	0	No specific role
balmermi	matsim	0	Developer
balmes	bomb3d	0	Graphic/Other Designer
balmeyer	jdip	0	Developer
balmeyer	jdiplomacy	1	No specific role
balnov	runcms	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
balnov	runcmsrusmod	1	No specific role
balo	shatteredrealms	1	Project Manager
baloeniels	djcronnor	1	No specific role
balog1976	bnw	0	No specific role
balonp	pencrypt	0	All-Hands Person
balonp	microcrypt	0	All-Hands Person
baloo2	homeplayer	1	Developer
baloogan	gar3d	1	No specific role
baloogan	galent	1	No specific role
baloogan	passwdcore	1	No specific role
baloogan	wime	1	No specific role
baloowee	lemmings-lab4	1	Unix Admin
balor	onering	1	Project Manager
balp	opendiver	1	Project Manager
balparda	chess-knight	1	No specific role
balpo	exte	1	No specific role
balr0g	geographics	0	Graphic/Other Designer
balrog	rolodap	1	No specific role
balrog	dvddbp	0	Developer
balrog-kun	palmtelinux	0	Developer
balrog-kun	hackndev	0	No specific role
balrog994	gemrb	1	All-Hands Person
balrok	attem	1	No specific role
balsa	pam-krb5	1	No specific role
balsterm	jvalid	0	Developer
balsu_n	lham	0	Developer
baltasar	multibomb	1	No specific role
balthamos89	scxc2	1	Developer
balthazar2k	pbasic	0	Web Designer
balthazar2k	bgl	1	Project Manager
balthazarauger	pr4lib	0	Doc Writer
balthazore	ogscorp	0	Developer
baltin	eviltwin	0	No specific role
baltonwyt	milestones	1	No specific role
baltzar	tikipro	0	Developer
baluaar	wireless-argus	1	Project Manager
baluchiterium	grisbi	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
balupton	evocms-plugins	0	Developer
balwant	isstf	1	Project Manager
balwinder	efc	1	No specific role
balwinderkumar	jtocpptranslate	0	Developer
balwindersodhi	bims	1	No specific role
balzarot	peerversy	1	No specific role
bam	dict	1	Developer
bam	bwstat	1	No specific role
bamaboy	solidircd	0	Support Technician
bamando	dhcp-load	1	No specific role
bamando	openvoice	1	No specific role
bamaral	openreality	0	Developer
bamazur	jasperetl	1	No specific role
bambara	jedit	0	Developer
bambenek	logcheck	1	No specific role
bamberd	ocrpg	0	Developer
bambero	monique	1	No specific role
bambo	netacct-mysql	0	Developer
bamboocha	kiga3000	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bambooframework	bambooframework	1	No specific role
bamboomancer	pocketlarn	0	No specific role
bamboosoftware	isharerisk	1	Project Manager
bambooz	oo-sk	0	Developer
bamboula	typhoon	1	No specific role
bamboula	metagallery	1	No specific role
bamboula	simulacra	1	No specific role
bamcgui	opencard	1	Developer
bamed	chcchurch	1	No specific role
bameda	automatha	1	No specific role
bameda	netpocha	0	Unix Admin
bameda	pydomoalert	1	Developer
bamirov	xentra	0	Developer
bamm	sguil	1	Project Manager
bamm	opennsm	1	No specific role
bammal	lotb	0	Editorial/Content Writer
bammer	everyauction	0	Developer
bamnet	geocalc	1	Project Manager
bamnet	halomaprep	1	No specific role
bamota	lemmings-2	0	No specific role
bamunds	winpooch	0	Doc Writer
ban	lcdproc	0	No specific role
ban	dynamics	1	No specific role
ban4711	fairdj	1	Developer
bana-sea-	openfrag	0	Developer
bananajr	nomadic	1	No specific role
bananalbum	usmis	1	Graphic/Other Designer
bananaman1	uti-rpg	1	No specific role
bananas21ca	csrpg	1	No specific role
banandgia2	winboard	1	No specific role
banandgia2	pdb	1	No specific role
banandgia2	gaim-hotkeys	1	No specific role
banandgia2	gladewin32	1	No specific role
banane2000	ntacl	1	No specific role
bananeweizen	phpeclipse	1	Project Manager
bananeweizen	ppf	0	Developer
bananeweizen	e-p-i-c	0	Developer
bananeweizen	tvbrowser	1	Developer
bananeweizen	bw-projects	1	No specific role
bananeweizen	modeclipse	1	No specific role
bananeweizen	pywikipediabot	0	Developer
bananstat	ottercms	0	Developer
bananza	beanie	0	Developer
banayan	survivors	0	No specific role
banchev	mobrc	1	Project Manager
band	mknew	1	All-Hands Person
band1t	linux-usb	0	No specific role
bandaid2	tm-evolution	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bandana_blue	kaccess	0	Developer
bandan_das	ipodsync	1	No specific role
bandan_das	libipod	0	Developer
bandan_das	wikid-twofactor	0	Developer
banderegg	delta3d	0	Developer
banderegg	otter	1	No specific role
banders9	dnd-adv-game	0	Developer
banderson004	messenger-x	1	No specific role
banderson01	tnm	1	No specific role
banderson01	snmp-table-util	1	No specific role
bandgeek	jj2server	1	No specific role
bandi	bozos	1	Developer
bandi999	xpairtise	1	Developer
bandicoot	dev-hell	0	No specific role
bandigarf	trooper	1	Developer
bandit-x	xoopsmy	0	Developer
bandit-x	xmultiplier	1	No specific role
banditbiker	chrysalis-orm	1	No specific role
banditkills	world7	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
banditkills	shadowrunmmo	1	Project Manager
banditkills	lightbringer	1	Project Manager
banditsin	deserv	0	Web Designer
bandit_007	tlfc	0	No specific role
bandit_1200	sqlbot	1	Project Manager
bandit_tof	ginasys	0	Developer
bandix	litestream	1	Project Manager
bandman614	netmin	1	No specific role
bandman614	getrss	1	Project Manager
bandobraz	ufoai	0	No specific role
bandoler	crosa	1	No specific role
bandoler	prospectus	1	No specific role
bandris	game-reserve	0	Developer
bandu	vim-latex	0	No specific role
bandu	woman	1	No specific role
bandushrew	sprite2d	0	Developer
bandyt	gous	1	Project Manager
bandyt	xdal	1	Project Manager
baneazaghal	adnd2-frp-sys	1	No specific role
banestryfe	lmusleuth	0	Developer
banetahtoh	wargamer	0	Developer
banfilo	jrci	0	Developer
bangaliana	meghdut	0	Project Manager
bangamri	kriptosms	1	No specific role
bangamri	calasan	1	Developer
bangarms	commongoods	1	No specific role
bangbangquentin	redkernel	1	Developer
banger-amiga	autorealm	0	Developer
bangersandmash	nataku	1	Developer
bangersnmash74	mmsclient	1	No specific role
bangersnmash74	jbluez	1	No specific role
bangladesh	accesctr	1	No specific role
banglalinux	banglalinux	1	Developer
bango	rockspace	0	Developer
bango	php4bango	1	No specific role
bangroot	ashkay	1	No specific role
bangroot	xot	1	All-Hands Person
bangzhong	bthunter	1	No specific role
bangzilla	easyeclipse	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bangzi_xu	odas	0	Developer
banh	onlinenote	1	No specific role
banh	te-eclipse	1	No specific role
banh	ddlu	1	No specific role
banh	camgrabber	1	No specific role
banh	multitasker	1	No specific role
banh	mysqlfs	1	No specific role
bani	knowledgekeeper	1	Developer
bani	image2html	1	No specific role
baniakjr	kos	1	No specific role
banichols	chipmark	0	Developer
banishedknight	itsucks	1	No specific role
banjo	chimp	1	No specific role
banjo	ttoogg	1	No specific role
banjo	xsql	1	No specific role
banjuju	ultimatefilofax	0	Developer
bankgrace	torrentqueue	1	No specific role
bankgrace	btqueue	0	Developer
bannai	hc-project	1	No specific role
bannanafiend	atemu	1	No specific role
bannian	pixelary	1	No specific role
banoci	gstatistics	0	Developer
banpro	banprodms	1	No specific role
banq	jdon	1	Developer
banq	bqlr	1	No specific role
banram	porntoolkit	1	No specific role
bansa	jukexbox	1	Project Manager
banshee1	wackofork	1	No specific role
banshee1	mavc	1	No specific role
banshee1	salt	1	Developer
bansheetl	preclipse	0	Developer
bansheeweb	surrealdev	0	Web Designer
bantcp	bantcp	1	No specific role
bante	palmsched	0	No specific role
bantham	gsk	0	Developer
bantha_fodder	kaiopera	0	No specific role
banthgar	minigolfmaniacs	1	No specific role
banthgar	freedomforce	0	Tester
bantic	minotaurproject	1	No specific role
bantik	projectory	1	No specific role
bantle	jwarp	1	Developer
bantu	madmin	1	No specific role
bantychick	morewebapp	1	Project Manager
banuradha	timeclipse	0	Developer
banuradha	diet	0	Developer
banux	foonline	1	Developer
banux	prelude	0	Developer
banux	tritheme	1	Developer
bany_kuang	javachm	1	No specific role
banzaay	sdm	0	Developer
banzai78	meta-cms	1	No specific role
banzai99	jkryptobox	1	No specific role
banzaijp	vysa-cms	0	Doc Writer
banzoo	neurality	1	No specific role
baoanh	mvnkey	0	Developer
baobiao	j2mime	1	Project Manager
baohaojun	scim	0	Developer
baohut	firedic	0	Developer
baohx	pn-modules	0	Developer
baohx	lostnuke	1	Developer
baoilleach	openbabel	0	Developer
baoilleach	pyquante	0	Developer
baoilleach	pychem	0	Developer
baoilleach	cclib	1	Developer
baoilleach	gausssum	1	Developer
baojie	indus-project	1	No specific role
baojie	cob	1	Project Manager
baojie	yesir	1	No specific role
baojie	wikiont	1	Project Manager
baosheng1984	flavia	1	No specific role
baoshi	x-pdf	1	No specific role
baoshiyan	metadesk	0	No specific role
bapdur	glupi-indyk	0	Developer
bapho	sfvrobot	1	No specific role
bapiede	lopos	1	No specific role
bapm	gtm	1	Project Manager
bapm	palmfuellog	0	Developer
bappa	htkit	0	No specific role
bappelt	m2mxml	1	Project Manager
bappelt	m2mxmlc	1	No specific role
bappelt	j2mem2m	1	No specific role
bapperlo	bird-net	1	No specific role
baptisteblanc	warshinp	0	Graphic/Other Designer
baptiste_dubuis	bitext	1	No specific role
baptizte	wiki-mindmap	0	Developer
baptux	slackports	1	Project Manager
bapuli	mywebcreator	1	No specific role
baqaqi	timesysgpl	1	Project Manager
baqaqi	lksctp	0	Project Manager
bar-boss	bb-cms	1	No specific role
bara	ufintruder	0	Developer
baraazm	bdd-tree	1	No specific role
baraban	rt-com	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
barabashka_yury	rtl8186	0	Web Designer
barabba87	atevents	0	Developer
barabbas	zchess	0	Developer
baraboom	xaraya	0	No specific role
baracha	sinc	0	Developer
barachiel	ilprincipe	1	No specific role
baracho	digitalganzfeld	1	Project Manager
baraclese	oscc	1	No specific role
baraclese	oceanstar	1	No specific role
baragry	ebxmlrr	0	Developer
barakatzir	zis	0	Graphic/Other Designer
barakk	adequae	0	Developer
barako	gmgen	0	No specific role
barako	pcgendm	0	Support Manager
barako	pcgen	0	Content Management
baraks	aces	0	Web Designer
barakz	fobbit	0	Developer
barak_naveh	survivors	1	No specific role
barak_naveh	jgrapht	1	Developer
barak_naveh	lipidia	1	No specific role
barale	deb	0	No specific role
baramir	fear	0	Distributor/Promoter
baramsori72	zero-copy	1	No specific role
baramsori72	xway	1	No specific role
baranda	intact	1	Developer
barandis	ajaxj	1	No specific role
barang	exegraph	0	Developer
barang	cleverrabbit	1	No specific role
baranowb	mobicents	0	Developer
barata7	netsitemais	1	No specific role
barata7	tudomais	1	No specific role
barathbr	subnetcalc	1	No specific role
barathee	tamilmozilla	0	Developer
barathee	thamizha	0	Developer
barathee	shiksha	1	No specific role
barathee	philex	0	No specific role
baravalle	phpgrabcomics	1	No specific role
baravalle	openwebsurvey	1	No specific role
barazuk	smartavijoin	1	No specific role
barb039	pegasus	0	Developer
barba84	dho	0	All-Hands Person
barba84	kuzar	0	Developer
barbalet	nobleape	1	Project Manager
barbalet	ai-standards	0	Developer
barbalet	alesimulator	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
barbalet	aiplanet	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
barbalet	etoy	1	No specific role
barbalet	nervana	1	No specific role
barbanegra	customsrpg	1	Project Manager
barbaraa	arara	0	Tester
barbarars	attrezzo	1	All-Hands Person
barbaros	filecrypto	1	Developer
barbasoft	lgps	1	No specific role
barbayar	montrans	0	Developer
barbe	gphoto	1	Project Manager
barbedor	pysparse	0	Developer
barbee-	modcplusplus	0	Developer
barberio	trebuchet	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
barbgd	vacation-sched	1	No specific role
barbier	mp4h	1	No specific role
barbier	pmcms	0	Developer
barbier	jcae	1	Developer
barbier	dacode	1	Project Manager
barbieri-s	carolinaxmlcms	1	No specific role
barbiken	choix-ecn	0	Developer
barbilor	webmailplus	1	No specific role
barbouk	uharobots	1	No specific role
barbouze	w-agora	0	No specific role
barboza	serviceconsulta	0	Developer
barbux	adh	1	Developer
barbux	barbux	1	No specific role
barbuza	wallhalla	1	Developer
barbwired	pn-modules	0	No specific role
barbwired	nocc	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
barbyy	dftps	0	Developer
barbz	backo	1	No specific role
barbz	hyperjournal	1	No specific role
barb_dude	d2realm	0	Developer
barche	k3d	0	No specific role
barcik_bb	icek	0	Developer
barcode	swarm4j	1	No specific role
barczi	swengmiskolc	1	Developer
bard-garrick	divine-conflict	0	Developer
bard123	desk3d	1	No specific role
bard123	vgames	0	No specific role
bard123	slicklinux	0	No specific role
bard123	rhdw	0	No specific role
bard123	rhldc	0	No specific role
bard123	rhcomm	0	No specific role
barda	immobilia	1	No specific role
bardack	k64	0	Web Designer
barderi	linsap	1	No specific role
bardet	tlpfordox	1	No specific role
bardiaux	mypyset	1	No specific role
bardo-cy	dragonzord	1	DBA (Database Administrator)
bardoartifex	quickxml	1	No specific role
bardokas	lt-phpbb-premod	1	Project Manager
bardokas	cgbrpg	1	Developer
bardtholdt	hdledit	1	No specific role
bardtx	cadcdev	1	Project Manager
bardtx	linuxonlinux	1	No specific role
bardware	bardcms	1	No specific role
barebones	lino-linux32	0	Developer
barfleur	entre2almas	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
barfnz	htc-apache	1	No specific role
barfoot	primcms	1	No specific role
barfoot	wadnews	1	Developer
bargle0	pastry4j	1	No specific role
bargteil	bfast	1	No specific role
barhorn	sigedit	1	No specific role
baria	myplc	1	No specific role
barias	moodle	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
barieb	phpbms	1	Developer
barigozzi	volley	1	No specific role
barijaona	blosxom	0	No specific role
barill_y	wired	1	Project Manager
barin	j90mp3	0	No specific role
barinder	epc-ons	1	Project Manager
barinovdenis	kernfach	0	Developer
baris79	jawig	1	No specific role
barisdemiray	netsentinel	1	No specific role
barisdemiray	valkyries	1	Developer
barise	photogallery	1	No specific role
barishkayar	pfb	1	No specific role
barisich	sae-admin	0	Developer
barissanli	limim	0	Developer
baristaskin	hpictiming	1	No specific role
baristaskin	rotaryclkrouter	0	Project Manager
baristaze	genalgclasslib	1	No specific role
barisumut	chloe	1	All-Hands Person
barisy99	antichess	1	No specific role
baris_koc	estudy	0	No specific role
baris_simsek	ettd	1	No specific role
baris_simsek	eniads	1	No specific role
baris_simsek	ak-istanbulx	1	Project Manager
baris_simsek	cupl	1	No specific role
baris_simsek	istanbulx	1	Project Manager
baris_simsek	sheff	1	No specific role
baris_simsek	qsheff	1	Project Manager
barit	jsmex	1	No specific role
barium-neon	existance-joke	1	No specific role
barium-neon	bane-trivia	1	No specific role
barjak	sgamaja	0	Developer
barjunk	vncsnapshot	0	Developer
barjunk	configrouter	1	No specific role
barkah	ukhuwahdev	1	Developer
barkel	sternenwelten	1	No specific role
barker1	mr-logister	0	No specific role
barkermn01	yawecontrol	1	No specific role
barke_p	perl-win32-gui	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
barkoczi	aerfm	1	No specific role
barlad	cilib	0	Developer
barlarlee	cpskp	1	Project Manager
barldean_cristi	darkbytes	0	Developer
barleyman007	d20-chat	1	Developer
barmaid	dopewarsppc	1	No specific role
barmaid	freeciv4ppc	1	Developer
barmalei	j2me-midp-lwvcl	1	No specific role
barmalej	sharplib	1	No specific role
barmanoo	annhyb	1	Developer
barmasb	sia-iage	0	Project Manager
barmeier	foran	1	Project Manager
barmeier	ganttproject	0	Developer
barmeier	cwandocal	1	Developer
barmyb_99	polypycrystal	1	No specific role
barnabygray	libicq2000	1	No specific role
barnabygray	ickle	1	Project Manager
barnabyr	iflopenexr	1	No specific role
barnacle9	nasa-exp	0	No specific role
barnaclebarnes	tagbox	0	Developer
barnad	blopplot	1	No specific role
barnamos	opentill	1	No specific role
barnard666	tuxracer	0	No specific role
barnard666	mars-sim	0	Graphic/Other Designer
barnard666	clanmecha	0	No specific role
barnard666	clong	0	No specific role
barnard666	race	0	No specific role
barnash	systemtest	1	Project Manager
barncosoft	sg-ng	0	Developer
barndt	jfs	0	No specific role
barner	contiki	0	Developer
barnert	cartagena	1	No specific role
barnet26	cmsworks	0	Developer
barnett	oglft	1	No specific role
barnett	lignumcad	1	No specific role
barnett	libemf	1	No specific role
barnettr	mathsong	1	Project Manager
barney	qpe	0	Developer
barneyb	neuromancer	1	No specific role
barneyruble	keywordsgen	0	All-Hands Person
barnicke	t-o-p	1	Developer
barnjo	itsblog	1	No specific role
barnkin	efiction	0	Developer
barnpops	jokasta	0	Developer
barnraiser	beacon	1	No specific role
barnraiser	aroundme	1	Project Manager
barnraiser	iglooigg	1	No specific role
barnsley	microerp	0	No specific role
barnson	wix	0	Developer
barnynaegele	xml4eda	1	No specific role
barnynaegele	keda	1	No specific role
barnynaegele	reds	0	No specific role
baro	openmosix	0	Project Manager
baro	squibber	1	Developer
baron52	jdbgen	0	DBA (Database Administrator)
barone_rosso	x-tracker	0	Developer
barone_rosso	btpd-front	1	No specific role
barongas	openevgalaxy	0	Developer
baronian_cecil	ssupp	0	Developer
baronk	freetantrum	1	No specific role
baronnoir	plume	1	Developer
baronseiya	pygle	0	Developer
baronsprite	eqemu	0	Developer
baronvonservers	ris-cdc	1	No specific role
baronzemm	cubeonline23	0	Developer
baronzilch	xlsuite	1	Project Manager
baron_fel	db-xml	1	All-Hands Person
baroque	viznetopen	1	No specific role
barowc	log4d	0	All-Hands Person
barr	dnswalk	1	No specific role
barra3d	barracuda3dbuil	1	No specific role
barracuda666	joomlamodgmotd	1	No specific role
barrandov	barrandov459519	1	No specific role
barras	trans	1	No specific role
barratis	blobinside	0	Developer
barratis	nuxstyle	1	Developer
barra_maral	maralport	1	No specific role
barrbrain	ibdriver	0	Developer
barrbrain	projectpi	0	Developer
barrd	cplproject	1	Web Designer
barrel	booby	1	No specific role
barrel	brim	1	Project Manager
barrett	numpy	0	Developer
barrett808	evolvedstruct	1	Project Manager
barrettam	brights-acorn	1	No specific role
barrie	spellcast	1	Project Manager
barrie	qifcon	1	No specific role
barrin	impao	1	Project Manager
barro	pprof2cg-cpp	1	Developer
barrowes	matlab2fmex	1	No specific role
barrowes	f2matlab	1	No specific role
barrowes	mptoolbox	1	No specific role
barrras	phptableengine	1	No specific role
barry	exhaust-us	0	No specific role
barry-evans	mars-sim	0	Developer
barry-scott	meinc-installer	1	No specific role
barry-scott	pychecker	0	Developer
barry-scott	cxx	1	Developer
barry1	ts4smtp	1	No specific role
barry841	j-hop	1	No specific role
barrydrake	wingtk	1	Web Designer
barrydrake	xsword	1	No specific role
barryfaas	educat	1	Project Manager
barryfaas	siteatschool	1	Developer
barryfp	gridkit	1	Developer
barrygaunt	mvnsaloon	1	Developer
barrygently	joj	1	No specific role
barrygently	josql	1	No specific role
barrygently	hoglet	1	No specific role
barrygently	polliwog	1	No specific role
barrygonzaga	sitescooper	0	Developer
barrygwells	chaddb	1	Developer
barryhealy	isbiology	0	Developer
barryhunter	geograph	0	Developer
barryhunter	opengazetteer	0	Developer
barrykas	confreg	1	Project Manager
barryl	jspx	1	No specific role
barryman_5000	alarm-x	1	No specific role
barryman_5000	gq-messenger	0	No specific role
barrymckay	databaseobject	1	No specific role
barrymead	sdlscavenger	1	No specific role
barrymead	safenotes	1	No specific role
barrynorton	wsmostudio	0	Developer
barryp	qwpython	1	No specific role
barrypress	geekhouse	1	No specific role
barryrsmith	flopx	1	No specific role
barryrsmith	devshaka	1	No specific role
barryryan	dublinlms	0	No specific role
barrysmithers	atlantibot	1	Developer
barryv	apc-aa	0	No specific role
barrywardell	syzygycms	1	Developer
barrywardell	easyh10	0	Developer
barrywhart	flowpage	1	No specific role
barry_johnson	clembbapi	1	No specific role
barry_johnson	pungo-spell	1	Developer
barry_leslie	pbxt	0	Developer
barshemm	barshemmportal	1	Project Manager
barshied	ozymandias	0	Developer
barshociaj	askcms	1	No specific role
barsky	rebusb	1	No specific role
barsky	xkeysw	1	No specific role
barslan	jdndmesseger	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
barslan	javamonopoly	0	Developer
barslan	usis	0	Developer
barsnick	ebayagent	0	No specific role
bars_sun	avr-isp	1	No specific role
bart59	wxcode	0	Developer
bart59	wxmixer	1	No specific role
bart59	jcpphone	1	No specific role
bartbink	gellish	0	Developer
bartblok	phposts	1	No specific role
bartbouwman	amp	1	Developer
bartcardi	anastacia	1	Developer
bartcardi	snavtofamix	1	No specific role
bartcopp	reax	0	Tester
bartcr	lostclan	0	No specific role
bartcr	jajuk	0	Developer
bartcr	inter-red	0	No specific role
bartcr	becover	1	Project Manager
bartdeboer	fart-it	0	No specific role
bartdergrosse	qssl	1	Project Manager
bartdergrosse	qsmartcard	1	Project Manager
bartdergrosse	qtsbsa	1	No specific role
bartdergrosse	plattenputzer	1	No specific role
bartek1980	minivs	0	Developer
bartekk	phptrafmon	0	No specific role
barteksylwester	remedic	0	No specific role
bartenst	plone-docs	0	Doc Writer
bartenst	plone	0	Developer
bartenst	plone-i18n	0	Developer
bartenst	collective	0	Developer
barteo	microemulator	1	No specific role
bartezp	dif	1	No specific role
bartf	flexwiki	0	Developer
barthalg	yafumle	1	Developer
barthe	easyunit	1	No specific role
bartho	opencxx	0	Developer
bartho	greensocs	1	Developer
bartho	archc	0	Developer
bartholomew	mnits	1	Project Manager
bartholomew007	freeframe	1	Web Designer
bartik	mysqlnavigator	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
bartjuh	gpb	1	Developer
bartjuh4	adv-sitesys	0	Tester
bartkinbote	javatraits	1	No specific role
bartkuik	phpwebftp	0	Developer
bartkul	gprolog	1	Developer
bartkul	xsb	1	No specific role
bartld	comeleon	1	Project Manager
bartleyd2	bacula	0	Developer
bartleyd2	nweb2fax	1	Project Manager
bartlo	unigrok	1	No specific role
bartlo	javadata	1	Developer
bartman847	ircn	1	Project Manager
barto	cdlibre	1	No specific role
bartocc	sharedaemon	0	Tester
bartoki	tinyos	0	Developer
bartoldeman	dosemu	1	Project Manager
bartoldeman	freedos	0	Developer
bartoldeman	auto2000	0	Developer
bartoleo	battleeng	1	No specific role
bartolo40	bartolo	1	No specific role
barton	netatalk	0	Developer
bartond	gccg	0	Developer
bartosh	bpft4	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
bartosikj	depview	1	No specific role
bartosikj	scs	0	Developer
bartosj	ebookme	0	Developer
bartoszkuzma	openbsdpl	0	Developer
bartoszkuzma	pkgsrc-wip	0	No specific role
bartosz_w	deesee	1	No specific role
bartram	josgui	0	Developer
bartrobinson	pycgx	1	No specific role
bartron	elfpgp	1	No specific role
barts	zsh	1	No specific role
barts	openzmail	1	Developer
barts	phperl	1	No specific role
bartsas	tit-observator	1	No specific role
bartsimpson416	mscp	1	Developer
bartspedden	mud	0	Developer
bartspedden	nunit-report	1	No specific role
bartszyszka	konverse	0	Graphic/Other Designer
bartthebart	sofaa	0	Developer
bartttounet	emailvis	0	No specific role
bartucxp	hastablog	1	No specific role
bartv	phpbrain	1	No specific role
bartvanhove	oriongame	0	No specific role
bartvderve	javacodemaker	0	Tester
bartvdz	merode	0	Developer
bartvrijkorte	autofiler	1	No specific role
bartw	openwbem	1	Developer
bartw	omc	1	Developer
bartw	blocxx	1	Developer
bartw	pywbem	0	No specific role
bart_bakker	flamerobin	0	Developer
bart_botma	sift-io	1	No specific role
bart_brinkman	phpcollection	1	No specific role
bart_buil	arguscodewatch	0	Developer
bart_ccsu	diypki	1	Developer
bart_de_w	hedgefield	1	Developer
bart_lio	phpaquablog	0	Developer
bart_massey	hotproject	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bart_massey	zhishiyinqing	0	No specific role
bart_massey	nickle	1	Developer
bart_werner	bacookbook	0	Developer
baruch	fontforge	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
baruch	rubber	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
baruch	pfaedit	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
baruch	ivritex	1	No specific role
baruch	volnorm	1	No specific role
baruchel	eisseeker	1	No specific role
baruchel	projectpi	0	Developer
baruchel	maclaurin	1	No specific role
baruchel	contfrac	1	No specific role
baruch_sterin	imapi-dot-net	1	No specific role
barudberg	ringworld	0	Developer
barum	degaloma	1	No specific role
barunbiswas	pdsit-mobile	1	No specific role
baruts	fisch	1	Developer
baruts	dor	1	Developer
barvick	slrrp	1	No specific role
barwil	probelog	1	No specific role
barwil	gnuccess	1	Developer
barwin	bandwatch	1	No specific role
barywhite	www4mail-lite	1	No specific role
barz	srbfs	1	Project Manager
barza	telescope	1	Developer
barzagli	gfactory	1	Support Manager
barzakov	logrus	1	No specific role
bas-rozema	tbase	0	Graphic/Other Designer
bas-rozema	elderisles	0	Graphic/Other Designer
bas1981	gdsplayer	0	Developer
bas77	twiggi	0	No specific role
bas77	servi	0	No specific role
basaburu	ifaape	0	Developer
basanaz	mathengine3d	1	Developer
basapa	behemot	0	No specific role
basara375	pcsx2	0	Developer
basarugur	yoghurt	0	Developer
basata	jtopas	1	No specific role
basata	daemon4j	1	No specific role
basbotu	chef	0	Developer
basbotu	jdbl	0	Developer
bascadet	firedoor	1	Developer
bascan	dynamag	1	Project Manager
bascan	pigeon	1	No specific role
bascanai	middrongame	0	Developer
bascetta	pmbl-motors	1	No specific role
bascetta	thermopower	0	No specific role
basche	dplab	0	Developer
basche	mandarax	0	Developer
baschny	typo3	0	Developer
baschny	jbuzzer	1	Unix Admin
baschny	gallery-contrib	0	Developer
baschny	hfm	1	No specific role
baschny	wacontrol	1	No specific role
basck	sprstr	1	No specific role
bascle_m	sdalias	0	Developer
bascule	qmail-greylist	1	No specific role
bascule	usri	1	No specific role
bascule	librdl	1	No specific role
bascule	libpdtp	1	Project Manager
bascule	libbt	0	All-Hands Person
bascule	squall	1	No specific role
bascule	skyfire	1	No specific role
bascule	stitch	1	No specific role
bascule	zonebsd	1	No specific role
bascule	crget	1	No specific role
bascule	phpkeychain	1	Project Manager
bascule	pdtpd	1	Project Manager
bascule	hotwired	1	No specific role
basdog22	zeuscms	1	No specific role
base13	graysky	1	No specific role
base2	cppchan	1	No specific role
basebeans	model3	1	No specific role
basebeans	basejdao	1	No specific role
basebeans	basicportal	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
basebeans	struts	0	Developer
baseciq	lan-ms	1	No specific role
basecode	jrtalk	1	Developer
basedowh	perl-dtp	1	Project Manager
basedowh	w5base	0	Developer
baseless	security-center	0	Developer
basementcoder	xanths	0	Developer
basemh	foodfactory3d	0	Developer
basera	nodebrain	0	Developer
baserose	xingu	1	No specific role
baserose	guara-framework	1	No specific role
baserose	jsenna	0	Developer
basgoze	alternatif	1	No specific role
basgun	flashecomm	0	No specific role
bashan	jadvancedtextf	1	No specific role
bashan	jainfo	1	No specific role
basharimovvv	dcs	1	Project Manager
basharmilesteg	tegproject	1	Project Manager
basharx	snmpobserver	1	No specific role
bashbish	flyingbuttress	1	Project Manager
bashbug	funirc	1	Project Manager
bashbug	netacct-mysql	1	Developer
bashbug	iacs	1	Project Manager
bashbug	phptest	1	No specific role
bashburn	bashburn	1	No specific role
bashennekam	photoviewert	1	No specific role
bashgeek	geekms	1	No specific role
bashi	gonzui	1	Developer
bashinerox	pariah	1	No specific role
bashiralnoimi	hali-sy	1	No specific role
bashiralnoimi	arabblog	1	No specific role
bashiro	liquidlnf	0	Developer
bashkan	http-explorer	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bashmaster	vidcontrol	1	No specific role
bashmaster	superpong	1	No specific role
bashmaster	stepmania	1	Developer
bashmaster	xcn	1	Developer
bashpole	ontology	1	Project Manager
bashu	archmage	1	No specific role
bashu	bbcalc	1	No specific role
bashu	hercules	1	Project Manager
bashu	ceemedia	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
bash_powered	teribbot	1	Developer
basic	yact	1	No specific role
basic	qbf	1	Project Manager
basic	plptools	0	Developer
basic-master	amxmodx	0	Developer
basic-master	sourcemm	0	Developer
basic0	gtk-tab	1	No specific role
basic1	abscnc	1	Web Designer
basic4sdl	b4sdl	1	No specific role
basic7	basic7	1	No specific role
basicer	are	1	No specific role
basicer	phantomircd	1	No specific role
basicgreg	visualbaisconly	1	Unix Admin
basicmanfitz	facebot	1	No specific role
basicnik	jnewsdruid	1	Developer
basicnik	minimalistics	1	No specific role
basicprogger	blitzdirect	1	Developer
basic_sf	hoverex	1	Developer
basileis	net-core	1	Developer
basilisace	pjs	0	Developer
basilisk	wscep	1	No specific role
basilo	glasscurses	1	No specific role
basilou	syslog-server	1	No specific role
basil_ru	mafclub	0	Developer
basique	scrupp	1	Project Manager
basiror	openmmoengine	1	No specific role
basit00	shelltools	1	No specific role
basketcase	tryout	1	Developer
basking2	fmp2p	1	No specific role
baskins	judy	1	No specific role
baskint	csv-sqlsrv2k	1	No specific role
baskote	joti	1	No specific role
baskote	jflight	0	Developer
baslaarhoven	emc	0	Developer
basler	ffff	0	Developer
basler	kffff	1	No specific role
basler	mydyndns	1	No specific role
baslijnse	eis	1	No specific role
basmati	basmati	1	No specific role
basoft	dcemu	0	Developer
basoft	magesrc	0	Developer
basoft	mfme	1	Project Manager
basquiat78	core-52n	0	No specific role
bassam	aortas	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bassani83	namboo	1	No specific role
bassboot	ldap-machine	1	Project Manager
basscheffers	openstory	0	Developer
basscheffers	aolserver	0	Developer
bassckrm	bass-ckrm	1	No specific role
bassclar	findbugs	0	Developer
bassdread	tamvats	1	No specific role
bassdscho	server-log-stat	1	No specific role
basseke	kingcms	1	No specific role
basselstine	osccanvas	1	No specific role
bassim	freemercator	0	Developer
bassjpc	zsnes-docs	1	Project Manager
bassler	groundstation	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bassler	gfield	1	No specific role
bassler	vp7wkp	1	Project Manager
basslingo	autoweb	0	Developer
basslingo	l2max	1	No specific role
basslingo	mxoable	1	No specific role
bassock	weeserver	1	No specific role
bassource	wnf	1	Developer
bassumer	timepoint	1	No specific role
bassus	matsig	0	Developer
bassus	aparat	0	Developer
bassy_	wdforge	0	All-Hands Person
bass_boy	easynagios	1	No specific role
bass_boy	umit	0	Developer
bastafidli	opensubsystems	1	Developer
bastafidli	jetty	0	Developer
bastardoperator	aluminum	1	No specific role
bastek_	sgcl	1	No specific role
bastetfurry	enterdungeon	1	No specific role
basti-x	maconmac	1	No specific role
basti76	basti	1	Project Manager
basti76	ccts	1	Project Manager
basti76	tads3german	1	Developer
basti79	upnp-mediasrv	1	No specific role
bastiaan	soap2corba	0	Developer
bastiaan	anyconfig	1	Developer
bastiaan	ph0n	1	No specific role
bastiaan	magnum	1	Developer
bastiaan	log4cpp	1	Developer
bastiaan	msfnord	1	No specific role
bastiaan	milterplusplus	1	No specific role
bastiaan	cpia2	0	Developer
bastiaan	satedit	0	Developer
bastiaan	idilis	1	Project Manager
bastiaannaber	apollon	1	Project Manager
bastian	openser	0	Developer
bastian-	moodle-kb	0	Developer
bastian78	vivo	1	Developer
bastiana	bmb	1	No specific role
bastiancramer	jaymonitor	1	No specific role
bastianmeyer	biodom	0	No specific role
bastiano	dlab	0	Developer
bastiansalmela	zlog	0	Graphic/Other Designer
bastiansalmela	knights	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bastiansalmela	eounicorn	0	Graphic/Other Designer
bastiansalmela	freedroid	1	Graphic/Other Designer
bastian_brehmer	vrsmultiview	1	No specific role
bastian_w	tockit	0	Developer
bastian_w	toscanaj	0	Doc Writer
bastid	debuilder	0	Developer
bastide_thomas	sia-iage	0	Developer
bastie	steuer	1	No specific role
bastie	bastie	1	Developer
bastien-durand	timebreach	0	Project Manager
bastienrance	td24	0	No specific role
bastimmer	bascms	1	No specific role
bastimmer	bashcp	1	No specific role
bastimmer	pschat	0	Developer
bastimmer	paulscriptsmods	0	Developer
bastimmer	rcts	1	Developer
bastintonyroy	cirrus	0	Tester
bastintonyroy	nzdis	0	No specific role
bastintonyroy	jbees	0	Developer
bastintonyroy	javaprs	0	Tester
bastintonyroy	jfern	0	No specific role
bastisystem	krinein	1	Developer
bastiw	mirchttpd	1	No specific role
basti_cz	music-staves	0	Developer
basti_cz	psaltiki4gamera	0	No specific role
basti_vm	vigo	0	Developer
bastkernel	bastkernel	1	No specific role
bastl	vimplugin	1	No specific role
bastl	pdfspot	1	No specific role
bastos81	testbanksystem	1	Developer
bastronaut	inkubator	1	Project Manager
bastumm	phlgui	1	Project Manager
bastumm	phpua	1	Project Manager
bastya_elvtars	e107	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bastya_elvtars	moon5	1	Project Manager
basv	ganglia	0	Developer
basv	cfengine	0	All-Hands Person
basverhoeven	dominus	1	No specific role
basverhoeven	mbounce	1	No specific role
basverhoeven	nbounce	1	Unix Admin
basvg	phpdomxml	1	No specific role
baswenneker	plotr	1	No specific role
basye	picnix	1	Project Manager
basye	develtools	1	Project Manager
basye	devtools	1	No specific role
bas_gooijen	internetdirect	0	No specific role
bas_hekking	webical	0	No specific role
bas_hxg	xdoit	1	No specific role
bas_peters	moxomax	1	No specific role
batagy	filezilla	0	No specific role
batalla	alinuoc	1	Developer
batanga	exv2	1	No specific role
bataras	akrip	0	Developer
batasari	e-p-i-c	0	Developer
batastrophe	fearcatalyst	1	Graphic/Other Designer
batastrophe	wasteland	1	No specific role
batastrophe	wotd	1	Developer
batastrophe	sociopathrpg	1	No specific role
batavus	danpage	1	Project Manager
bataylor	webcid	1	No specific role
bataylor	yellowleaf	1	Project Manager
batcage	gcalsync	0	Developer
batcarp	divine-conflict	0	Developer
batch4j	batch4j	1	No specific role
batchall	tvtime	0	Developer
batchdrake	eufs	1	No specific role
batchdrake	hidratelnet	1	No specific role
batchdrake	yail	1	No specific role
batchdrake	ircworkspbot	1	No specific role
batchelorc	cml	0	No specific role
batchman82	vamoscrm	1	Project Manager
batchmode	tvinfotools	1	No specific role
batchris	phpxml	0	Developer
batchris	phpmyedit	0	Requirements Engineering
batchuuday	unicon	0	Tester
batdude007	fantcharshoot	1	No specific role
batek	unicore	0	Developer
batek	gpe4gtk	0	No specific role
bateni	rira	0	Developer
baterah	xonx	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
baterist	sanalsavas	1	No specific role
batestacas	jonesjungle	0	Developer
batfan	mvtt	1	No specific role
baticmih	jcosyne	1	Project Manager
batimarco	dfssolution	0	Developer
batiq	timeee	0	Developer
batistoota	shrk	1	No specific role
batix	freenetis	0	Developer
bati_sultan	nfsrtp	1	No specific role
batje14	care2002	0	Content Management
batjohan	phphladmin	1	No specific role
batkiwi	phpcampm	1	Developer
batkiwi	jreceiver	0	Developer
batlogg	eduplone	1	Developer
batlogg	sotf	0	Developer
batlogg	zuccaro	1	Project Manager
batlogg	plone	0	Developer
batlogg	plone-i18n	1	Developer
batlogg	collective	1	Developer
batlogg	archetypes	0	Developer
batman0730	quake2-thesis	0	No specific role
batman669	dekalb	0	Support Manager
batmanj	phintrep	1	No specific role
batneil	platemail	1	Developer
baton75	elphel	0	Developer
baton75	ohp-wdt	1	No specific role
baton75	frecl	1	Developer
batouofnexus	wowcastparty	0	Analysis / Design
batourine_m	ad4unix	1	No specific role
batousai-jm	mmoldschool	0	Developer
batpuppy	pnphpbb2	1	Developer
batripler	rimap	1	No specific role
batripler	spyce	1	Developer
batrox	tactic	0	Developer
batsi	waivme	0	Tester
batsman	asnews	1	No specific role
batsman	lsed	1	No specific role
batsman	esms	1	No specific role
batsonjay	ecl-datepicker	1	Developer
batsonjay	switch-eudora	1	No specific role
battalaykut	prjrpg	1	Project Manager
battalaykut	cppgen	1	No specific role
battarsa	news-navigator	1	No specific role
battenmw	designerx	1	No specific role
batterma	ghydraulic	0	No specific role
battleace	covenant	1	No specific role
battlecow	blaxorrpg	0	Developer
battledragun	fab-tree	1	No specific role
battlehorse	fiber	1	No specific role
battlehorse	stamps-mvc	1	No specific role
battleman	xistence	1	No specific role
battleman	ircivil	1	No specific role
battleman	lgexistence	1	No specific role
battlemaster00	ouoss	0	Developer
battleproject	tilel	1	No specific role
battleproject	battleprojectsv	1	No specific role
batty_whol	hqwargames	1	Developer
baturiciu	softast	0	No specific role
batyi	hessianpy	1	Developer
batzenkopp	sbev	0	All-Hands Person
bauche	gradman	1	No specific role
bauchladen	nightshift	1	No specific role
baud123	eagle-usb	1	No specific role
baud123	yanc	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
baudbandit	spampalbayes	1	Project Manager
baudinr	xfe	1	No specific role
baudir	chartapp	1	Developer
baudon	vanikoro	1	No specific role
baudot	opentty	1	No specific role
baudrate	roller	0	Developer
baueran	nazghul	0	Developer
baueran	absolver	0	Developer
baueran	mailfilter	1	Project Manager
bauerb	atethernet	1	Developer
bauermeister	waba	0	Developer
bauermeister	picolinux	0	No specific role
bauersj	netwatching	1	No specific role
baugus	z-tile	1	No specific role
bauhardt	weta	0	Developer
bauhardt	thinglink	0	No specific role
bauhausk	wiper	1	No specific role
bauhausk	biblio	1	No specific role
baukehiemstra	regatta	0	Developer
bauler	openuss	0	Developer
bault	screenalert	1	No specific role
baumannd	scrappy	1	Project Manager
baumannd	trioweb	1	No specific role
baumannd	mlug	1	Developer
baumbart	miniplanmanager	1	Developer
baumer1122	netdocs	1	No specific role
bauno	klibido	1	No specific role
baurra	enstphoto	0	Developer
bauschan	typo3xdev	0	Developer
bautt	aix-get	0	No specific role
baux	threedsia	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
bav	netenv	1	No specific role
bavarian	formulator	0	Developer
bavarica	t-o-p	1	Developer
bave	unitils	0	Developer
bavelski	sub-portal	0	Developer
baverbud34	baverburner	1	All-Hands Person
baverbud34	livedv	1	No specific role
bavodr	logconsole	1	No specific role
bavodr	dirconsole	1	No specific role
bavodr	pfc	1	No specific role
bavoil	gtb	0	Developer
bavousett	openlibrary-ils	1	No specific role
bavo_jcs	javacareers	0	Developer
bavo_t	crayon	0	Project Manager
bawden	scsh	0	Developer
bawdo2001	lcdp	0	No specific role
bawidama	togather	1	All-Hands Person
bawidama	my14all	1	All-Hands Person
bawjaws	moodle	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
bawnpa	ml-webcms	1	Project Manager
bawnpa	spgame	1	Unix Admin
baxas	facturalux	0	Developer
baxas	nmm	0	Developer
baxeno	eetool	1	Project Manager
baxeno	eda-index	1	Project Manager
baxi	microblog	1	No specific role
baxissimo	glvu	1	No specific role
baxissimo	glui	1	Project Manager
baxissimo	gpgpu	1	Developer
baxissimo	wxart2d	0	Developer
baxsie	psoc-cfa-633	0	No specific role
baxteras	baxboard	1	No specific role
bayard	bbss	1	Developer
bayard	xmlwriter	1	Project Manager
bayard	javabeantester	0	Developer
bayardtho	sellingbooks	1	No specific role
bayarmn	openmn	0	Developer
bayarsaikhan	jenerate	1	No specific role
bayazee	pyet	1	No specific role
bayazee	rocketsimulatin	1	No specific role
bayblade	jregistrykey	1	No specific role
baycloud	synpos	1	Project Manager
baydoun	bmfo	0	Developer
bayeadama	jnius	1	Project Manager
bayeadama	projectmanagebo	1	Developer
bayer-dba	dotplot	0	Developer
bayert	sqlrest	1	No specific role
bayert	membrane	1	No specific role
bayes	rage	0	Project Manager
bayesline	mosesdecoder	0	Developer
bayesline	bayesline	1	Project Manager
bayesline	thebeast	1	No specific role
bayger	h-rt	1	No specific role
bayger	egzamsystem	1	No specific role
bayger	memstat	1	No specific role
bayha	sserver	0	Developer
baykit	tagprint	1	No specific role
baykit	conv	1	No specific role
baykit	bsb	1	No specific role
baykit	bxi	1	No specific role
baykit	bserv	1	No specific role
baykit	bxi-plugin	1	No specific role
baykit	baykit-eclipse	1	No specific role
baykit	webut	1	No specific role
baykit	ezb	1	No specific role
baylac	jabref	0	No specific role
bayliscg	procatanim	1	Developer
baylor	selectionengine	1	No specific role
bayly	risingtide	0	Graphic/Other Designer
bayoubengal	charla	0	Developer
bayrakceken	pysozluk	1	No specific role
bayramli	jmxmonitor	1	No specific role
bayrem	xmlmidlet	0	Project Manager
bayside	monaos	0	Developer
bayside	libgcjmm	1	Developer
baysidetech	sharpprivacy	1	Project Manager
bayt	goanna	1	Developer
bayt	canvas	1	No specific role
bayt	eiffelsdl	1	No specific role
bayt	ewg	0	Developer
bayupw_13	svdp-case	0	Developer
baz2001	globaldocs	1	No specific role
bazad	jnntpe	0	Developer
bazad	naml	1	No specific role
bazald	zenilib	1	Project Manager
bazer	dlip	0	Developer
bazhob	wavsplit	1	No specific role
bazhob	cmms	1	No specific role
bazin	nsclspectcl	0	Developer
bazinsof	i18n-team-ky	1	No specific role
bazis	winavrloader	1	Unix Admin
bazis	winloader	1	No specific role
bazman	rpgsql	0	No specific role
bazman	rgdal	0	Developer
bazman	r-spatial	0	Developer
bazman	r-asp	1	Project Manager
bazonga	ims-project	1	No specific role
bazookai	sge	1	No specific role
bazookajoe	adobeopener	1	No specific role
bazookapenguin	jot-dot	1	No specific role
bazooka_foo	nflpool	1	No specific role
bazoule	dwr-taglib	1	No specific role
bazvinda	bazvinda	1	No specific role
bazyl	lib	0	Graphic/Other Designer
bazyli	traffer	1	No specific role
bazyli	elmo	1	Web Designer
bazyli	mxmathgraph	0	No specific role
bazz	tclfr	1	No specific role
bazzacad	opendcl	0	Doc Writer
bazzaj	arkon	0	No specific role
bazzaj	hconf	1	No specific role
bazzargh	jaxen	0	Developer
bazzel	deployorganizer	1	No specific role
bazzilic	save	1	No specific role
bazzilic	vse	1	No specific role
bazzmann	flashecomm	0	Analysis / Design
baz_barrett	dregg-stunts	1	No specific role
bb28	jadetalk	0	No specific role
bb42	grave	1	No specific role
bb42	gm3u	1	No specific role
bb42	brickrc	1	No specific role
bb42	bbgallery	1	No specific role
bb75	xhuggle	0	Developer
bb86	nastyfingerspl	0	No specific role
bback	jtcfrost	1	Project Manager
bbadger	os-timetrack	1	No specific role
bbadger	st-nmea	1	No specific role
bbadger	st-postgresql	1	No specific role
bbadmin	helpgui	1	No specific role
bbadmin	ganttproject	1	Developer
bbadmin	frog3d	1	No specific role
bbaetz	l2tpns	0	Developer
bbaez	irma	1	Project Manager
bbaggerman	irig106	1	No specific role
bbaggins	hash	1	No specific role
bbagnall	lejos	1	Developer
bbagnall	ainow	1	No specific role
bbagnall	nxtcommand	1	Developer
bbahnsen	byacc	1	No specific role
bbaia	netcommon	0	Developer
bbaia	springnet	0	Developer
bbakerman	echopoint	1	Project Manager
bbal01	squarefish	1	Unix Admin
bbalazs	ultimatestunts	0	Graphic/Other Designer
bbalko	morcell	0	No specific role
bbaloi	sherlock	1	No specific role
bbame	pslib	0	Developer
bbandy	ibconsole	0	No specific role
bbangert	myghty	0	Developer
bbankowski	integrator	1	No specific role
bbannon	webcalendar	0	Developer
bbaranne	ganttproject	0	Developer
bbarba	fet	1	No specific role
bbarba	netlance	1	No specific role
bbarbee	jat	0	Developer
bbarcus	convergegame	0	Developer
bbarlow012	isbn10-isbn13	1	No specific role
bbarrerac	defx	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
bbarth	tracestring	1	Developer
bbarth	libmesh	0	Developer
bbatchelder	usbwisec	1	No specific role
bbatchelder	gnutella-dotnet	1	No specific role
bbateman	sphpblog	1	Developer
bbatsf	libfalcon	1	No specific role
bbatten	rt2400	0	Developer
bbaumann	l2tp	1	Project Manager
bbaumbach	zwm	0	Developer
bbaumgartner	yourradio	1	No specific role
bbaumgartner	gnutellasim2	1	No specific role
bbaumgartner	eiffelsdl	1	Developer
bbb	jedidbd	1	Project Manager
bbb	bbdbd	1	No specific role
bbb66	atwin	0	Developer
bbbabvbg	smallphpcount	1	No specific role
bbbbrent	simple-gallery	1	No specific role
bbbilen	xose	1	Developer
bbboco	dfem	1	No specific role
bbburgess	memphismensa	1	Project Manager
bbcat	setedit	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
bbcat	tvision	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
bbcentral	inlaws	1	No specific role
bbchen	cnxaraya	1	No specific role
bbcrack	milkchurn	1	All-Hands Person
bbearman	pyqa	1	No specific role
bbeaulant	aseclipseplugin	1	Developer
bbeaulant	hxdt	1	No specific role
bbeaulant	fenggui	0	Developer
bbeausej	nmedit	0	No specific role
bbeckmann	gaimcrypt	1	No specific role
bbeckmann	radarweb	1	Unix Admin
bbelchak	bncd	1	No specific role
bbell2000	javadatepicker	1	No specific role
bbengineer	phpbbgarage	0	Developer
bbenko	iterativedom	1	No specific role
bbennett2004	jsession	1	No specific role
bbennett2004	viproxy	1	No specific role
bbergstrand	peerguardian	1	Developer
bbergstrand	changedesktop	1	No specific role
bbergstrand	audioscrobbler	0	Developer
bbergstrand	ntfsosx	1	Project Manager
bbergstrand	ext2fsx	1	Project Manager
bbern	khetgame	1	Project Manager
bbest	digir	0	Developer
bbhatt	tigcc-linux	0	Doc Writer
bbilars	digimeente-mo	0	No specific role
bbirks	rmdemo	1	Project Manager
bbirney	bmbsurveymanage	1	No specific role
bbiron	psposte	1	No specific role
bbiron	bexpred	1	Developer
bbiron	zedroot	1	No specific role
bbisaillon	phpwebtk	1	Project Manager
bblackmoor	pfpxts	1	No specific role
bblaha	c4ac	0	All-Hands Person
bblakley	hottproxy	1	No specific role
bblammo	geomoose	1	Project Manager
bblanchon	zhap	0	Developer
bblanchon	winpooch	1	Developer
bblfish	kafenio	0	Developer
bblloyd	tarmellion	0	Developer
bblum16	tinyos	0	Developer
bbm4n	varzeneh	1	No specific role
bbminh	vysa-cms	1	Graphic/Other Designer
bbmitchell	pcpt	0	Developer
bbns	kbear	0	Developer
bbo	gmu	1	No specific role
bbo	glcs	1	No specific role
bbockelm	porthole	0	Developer
bboett	pimppa	0	Developer
bboett	merchempires	0	Developer
bboett	zebot	1	No specific role
bbogart	pure-data	0	Developer
bbogart	artinterface	1	Developer
bboisjot	myphpmoney	0	Doc Writer
bbollay	bfd	1	No specific role
bbollay	makeng	1	All-Hands Person
bbollay	mana-redux	1	No specific role
bbollenbach	sqlobject	0	Developer
bbollenbach	collective	0	Developer
bbolman	aodbb	1	No specific role
bbombek	isportal05	0	Developer
bbommarito	bblog	0	No specific role
bbommarito	linkroll	1	Project Manager
bbonte	mimosa	0	Unix Admin
bbornhau	jabuta	1	No specific role
bbornstein	sbmlsolver	0	Developer
bbornstein	sbml	1	Project Manager
bbornstein	sbw	0	Developer
bbornstein	sigmoid	1	Developer
bbornstein	pymerase	0	No specific role
bborowsky	triple-a	0	Developer
bbossola	wikijugtorino	1	Project Manager
bbotbuilder	pycfclient	1	No specific role
bbotbuilder	crossfire	0	No specific role
bboti	t-matrix	1	No specific role
bbotter	jsecurechat	0	Developer
bbou	appcatapult	1	No specific role
bbou	identdwin	1	No specific role
bbou	graphonics	1	No specific role
bbou	gwkeeper	1	No specific role
bbou	db2dir	1	No specific role
bbou	treebolic	1	No specific role
bbou	txth	1	No specific role
bbou	mutfi	1	No specific role
bbou	fractory	1	No specific role
bbou	pygtk-fsacls	1	No specific role
bbou	laaad	1	No specific role
bbou	webmin-fsacls	1	No specific role
bbou	wntw	1	Project Manager
bbou	wnwa	1	No specific role
bbou	wnsqlbuilder	1	No specific role
bbou	wnws	1	No specific role
bbou	wnjn	1	Developer
bbou	wncom	1	Project Manager
bbou	pytk-fsacls	1	No specific role
bbou	sadms	1	No specific role
bbouch	gravestones	0	Developer
bboy	mydns	1	No specific role
bboy	yencode	1	No specific role
bboyer	linux-hfsplus	1	Project Manager
bboyes	xml1-wire	0	No specific role
bboyes	embedlets	0	Developer
bboyes	cork	1	Project Manager
bboyes	cmucamj	0	No specific role
bboyraz	effective-quiz	1	No specific role
bbp9857	sign	1	No specific role
bbp9857	magicai	1	Developer
bbraasch	emcd-exchg-form	0	Developer
bbracke	codestart	1	No specific role
bbracke	sedmodeed	1	No specific role
bbrady	uflyingants	1	No specific role
bbrady	tpteam	1	No specific role
bbrahiti	opendecisionnel	1	No specific role
bbralo	oma-scts	0	No specific role
bbralo	openthreads	0	Developer
bbramwel	resiprocate	0	Developer
bbraun	fink	0	Developer
bbraun	xonx	0	Developer
bbrazil	smutster	1	No specific role
bbrb	bbrb	1	No specific role
bbrelin	collective	0	Developer
bbrendon	qemm	1	No specific role
bbreukelen	livecheck	1	Developer
bbright	flightgear	0	Developer
bbright	fgsd	0	Developer
bbright	fgrun	1	Project Manager
bbright	pyplib	1	Project Manager
bbrodt	gemeditor	1	No specific role
bbrox	gtksql	0	Developer
bbrox	scummvm	0	Developer
bbruneel	rendentrackerb	1	Developer
bbryant	wxmonitor	1	No specific role
bbrzac	freegroupware	1	Unix Admin
bbskill	qftp	1	No specific role
bbsoles	g27	0	No specific role
bbtommorris	phpopmlblogs	1	No specific role
bbuda	silonet	1	No specific role
bbuda	mdnsnet	1	No specific role
bbuesker	ipsec-tools	0	No specific role
bbukowski	zerod	1	No specific role
bbullot	alcove	1	No specific role
bbum	bittorrent	0	Developer
bbum	wonder	0	No specific role
bbum	docutils	0	Developer
bbum	pyobjc	1	No specific role
bburgaud	tikiwiki	0	Developer
bburger	vpa	0	Developer
bburgos	moodle	0	Tester
bburkhart	qtvoctrain	1	No specific role
bburns2	wallpapershuf	1	No specific role
bburr	usrstudyanlysis	1	No specific role
bburr	d-tools	0	Developer
bburr	storybook	0	Developer
bburton	spamprobe	1	No specific role
bburton	xmlimportdb	1	No specific role
bburton	clnews	1	No specific role
bbush	sc-original	1	No specific role
bbutler99	signin	1	No specific role
bbutton	xplint	1	Project Manager
bbwang	openspms	0	Developer
bbwang	mqzoom	1	No specific role
bbwebman	ale-tictactoe	1	All-Hands Person
bbxx	eeat-hpcp	0	No specific role
bbyrd1	directo	1	No specific role
bbzkarim	bbz	1	No specific role
bbzzdd	plugproxy	1	No specific role
bbzzdd	picserver	1	No specific role
bb_bj	execit4	1	No specific role
bb_bj	kagee	1	No specific role
bb_dakraxor	bbsocket	1	No specific role
bc-bluemold-org	bm-commons	1	No specific role
bc-cb	webalumni	1	No specific role
bc-cb	viasip	0	All-Hands Person
bc01well	interviic	1	No specific role
bc24us	gervasproject	0	Developer
bc8o8	phission	0	Developer
bcabral	hri	1	Project Manager
bcaesar	drjava	0	Developer
bcaffrey	pfaat	0	Developer
bcalhau	sadem	1	No specific role
bcaligari	cleanbox	1	No specific role
bcall	parasol	0	Developer
bcambel	ctamp	1	No specific role
bcambour	cosi-nms	0	Developer
bcampbell	binify	1	No specific role
bcampbell	movezig	1	No specific role
bcan	usis	0	Developer
bcannon	python	0	All-Hands Person
bcannon	configurewtf	1	No specific role
bcantero	harbour-project	0	Developer
bcap	camera3d	1	Developer
bcap	jkad	1	Project Manager
bcaradec	interligo	0	Developer
bcarion	siscope	0	Doc Writer
bcaritte	emploinet	0	Developer
bcarlson	cartel	1	No specific role
bcarnazzi	pptp-proxy	1	No specific role
bcarp	flatter	1	No specific role
bcarp	dlbook	1	No specific role
bcasiello	luacheia	0	No specific role
bcassand	wisupdecode	1	All-Hands Person
bcassand	vtclcheck	1	Project Manager
bcastill	carbonado	0	Developer
bcavanagh	pdl	0	Developer
bcavileer	scantone	1	No specific role
bcbeck	aarmed	1	Developer
bcbell	edusuite	1	Developer
bcbell	firstclipse	0	Developer
bcboy	islfax	1	No specific role
bcboy	xvoice	1	All-Hands Person
bcboy	asd	0	Developer
bcbwebman	bcbdirectx	0	No specific role
bcb_freak	bcbdirectx	1	No specific role
bccgamdev	vehicularmansla	1	No specific role
bccgamedev1	vehicularmansla	0	Developer
bccgamedev1	weblowthingsup	0	No specific role
bccn3	iwcd	0	No specific role
bccomm	feast	1	No specific role
bccryder	eob	1	Developer
bccryder	nfit	0	Developer
bccryder	neo	0	No specific role
bcdc1980	opendws	0	No specific role
bcdominy	gcc-coco	0	No specific role
bced	kate-prj-mng	0	Developer
bced	themanaworld	0	Graphic/Other Designer
bcenou	lodel	0	Developer
bcesare	ldapdotnetlib	1	No specific role
bcesare	bercodec	1	No specific role
bcesare	outlooktoipod	1	No specific role
bcevc	useradm	1	No specific role
bcflynn2	campaign	1	No specific role
bcfrankl	optiswitch-sim	0	Developer
bcfuchs	vlma	1	Project Manager
bcfuchs	ateneo	1	Developer
bcha	mutuxmschemadoc	1	Project Manager
bchabot	glogo	1	Project Manager
bchalmers	richtext	0	Developer
bchan009	gsgame	1	No specific role
bchat	bssh	1	No specific role
bchawk	timeandmoney	1	Content Management
bcheesem	phpcvsview	1	All-Hands Person
bcheesem	lilis	1	All-Hands Person
bcheesem	disk	1	No specific role
bcheesem	dyndnsd	1	No specific role
bcheesem	ddbfs	1	No specific role
bcheesem	denet	1	No specific role
bcheesem	openposs	1	Project Manager
bcheesem	onhm	1	No specific role
bchetankumar	samooha	0	Developer
bchiao	erecruit	1	Developer
bchiara	etherape	1	Project Manager
bchoi	jlivejournal	0	Developer
bcholew	iaxclient	0	Developer
bcholmes	quantum	0	Developer
bcholmes	amakihi	1	Developer
bchoward	swaggle	1	No specific role
bchri	einvigi	0	Developer
bchristen	ganttpv	0	Developer
bchristensen	msquant	0	Developer
bchsys2	technotes	1	No specific role
bci	pcgen	0	Content Management
bcifter	tr-ircd	0	Developer
bciocc	weather	1	No specific role
bckdev	cloudburst	1	No specific role
bckfnn	liftoff	0	No specific role
bckfnn	bckfnn-modules	1	No specific role
bckfnn	jnios	1	No specific role
bckfnn	jtkinter	1	No specific role
bckfnn	jython	1	Developer
bckirkup	avida	0	No specific role
bckp	icandy	1	No specific role
bckp	netpbm-bin	1	No specific role
bcl	neuros-firmware	0	Developer
bcl	tic54x-gcc	1	No specific role
bclaird	javagroups	0	Developer
bclaise	cosi-nms	0	Developer
bclarke	myorg	0	Graphic/Other Designer
bcleal	clx-report	0	Developer
bcleal	sisponto	1	No specific role
bcleary	chive	1	Developer
bclemens	multiafid	1	No specific role
bclf	bclf	0	No specific role
bcmartin	nebulacards	1	Developer
bcmartin	eclivity	1	No specific role
bcmartin	green	1	Developer
bcmpinc	frac4d	1	Project Manager
bcmppete	openflow	0	Developer
bcnewman	http-chat	1	No specific role
bcnl	legranes	1	Tester
bcnu6666	bcnu	1	No specific role
bco	bco	1	No specific role
bcocherell	cwruser	0	Developer
bcochran	eboxit	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bcoconni	quesoglc	1	Project Manager
bcoconni	allegrogl	1	Developer
bcollar	agtoys	0	Developer
bcollar	ares	1	No specific role
bcollecutt	palmspell	1	No specific role
bcollin	dproofreaders	0	Developer
bcolston89	leaguemgt	1	Developer
bcombee	pilrc	1	Developer
bcomeara	brownie	1	No specific role
bcompani	sigmoid	1	Developer
bcooleygilliom	vlit	0	No specific role
bcoppock	crownandcutlass	0	Web Designer
bcopulsky	msvbrpg	1	No specific role
bcoquell	esup-helpdesk	0	Developer
bcoquell	phpmyclub	0	Developer
bcornec	mondo	1	Project Manager
bcorrion	mythroku	1	Project Manager
bcostaf	portfw	1	No specific role
bcostea	openpad	1	No specific role
bcoufal	syrakus	1	Project Manager
bcoulam	plnet	0	No specific role
bcouldrey	addressactions	0	No specific role
bcox	ggz	0	No specific role
bcr	ntrawrite	1	No specific role
bcr	sendmail-jilter	1	No specific role
bcr19374	pljbackup	1	No specific role
bcr19374	jcell	1	No specific role
bcraenen	javacsp	1	No specific role
bcraenen	newties	1	Developer
bcreane	chewbah	1	No specific role
bcreane	openosek	0	No specific role
bcrespo	multiconta	1	No specific role
bcretney	vote	1	No specific role
bcrl	ktestsuite	1	No specific role
bcrl	opengfs	0	Developer
bcrochet	rswitch	1	No specific role
bcrockett	itmon	1	Project Manager
bcrowdus	phitdle	1	No specific role
bcrowell	inkscape	0	Developer
bcrowley	py-gma	1	No specific role
bcrx7	megatunix	0	Developer
bcsaller	plone	0	Developer
bcsaller	pass	1	All-Hands Person
bcsaller	collective	1	Developer
bcsaller	bioport	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bcsaller	archetypes	1	All-Hands Person
bcschwede	fuse2	0	Developer
bcsmith	gnome-satrad	1	Project Manager
bcstechnologies	homefinder	1	No specific role
bcstechnologies	scitrac	1	No specific role
bcsumner	illume	1	No specific role
bcthomas	pjax	1	Developer
bculberson	axm	1	Developer
bculberson	datarunner	1	No specific role
bculberson	motionbased	1	Developer
bcully	mutt	1	No specific role
bcully	fink	0	Developer
bcurren	actionscript	1	Developer
bcurren	ncheckstyle	1	No specific role
bcurtis	phpbt	1	All-Hands Person
bcurtis	tesly	1	Project Manager
bcv	ymserv	1	Project Manager
bcv	winpro	1	No specific role
bcwhite	signify	1	No specific role
bcwhite	starlib	1	No specific role
bcwhite	deity	1	No specific role
bcwhite	dfs	1	No specific role
bcwhite	genpower	0	Developer
bcwhite	cfile	1	No specific role
bcwiles	voiceweaver	1	No specific role
bcwiles	accpal	1	No specific role
bcx	bcx-basic	0	Developer
bcyang	alumniconnect	1	No specific role
bcyansfn	tahoe	0	Developer
bd5rv	drakecms	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bda	rep	1	No specific role
bda	osvsd	0	Developer
bda01	objstage	1	No specific role
bdaehlie	systemimager	0	Developer
bdaft	therift	0	No specific role
bdahlhoff	pnm2gallery	1	No specific role
bdale	metatopia	1	No specific role
bdale	qcplink	0	No specific role
bdalmis	chatlack	0	Developer
bdamm	martyr	1	No specific role
bdamoc	somom	1	Developer
bdancis	pfaat	0	Developer
bdarcus	xbiblio	1	Developer
bdargan	hloader	1	No specific role
bdargan	jbenchmark	1	No specific role
bdarlt	biatchux	0	Developer
bdarrow	setrinet	1	Developer
bdash	pycap	1	No specific role
bdash	fire	0	Developer
bdash	libmsn	1	Project Manager
bdauh	tf-b4rt	1	Project Manager
bdb	libaim	1	No specific role
bdbaer	avida	1	Developer
bdbcat	opencpn	1	No specific role
bdbkun	stitcha	1	No specific role
bdblinux	anyboot	1	Developer
bdc	scsh	1	No specific role
bdconry	cabge	1	All-Hands Person
bddavis	sams	1	No specific role
bddavis	webmagick	0	Developer
bde	leech	1	All-Hands Person
bdebree	slimconnect	1	No specific role
bdecaudin	salmon	0	Developer
bdecima	dvddisplayer	1	No specific role
bdeck	udos	1	Project Manager
bdecoste1	jboss	0	Developer
bdecourn	talktok	0	Developer
bdecroix	arnold	0	Developer
bdedersen	pw2	0	Developer
bdeg	wdpathtovictory	0	Graphic/Other Designer
bdegrasse1	gramps	0	Developer
bdehalu	bdlib	1	No specific role
bdehghan	fotolove	1	Developer
bdehora	xpipe	0	Developer
bdehora	jas	1	Project Manager
bdekker	domsafexml	1	No specific role
bdelacey	xbrl-open	1	No specific role
bdelaco	fourthpower	1	Project Manager
bdelacretaz	jfor	1	Project Manager
bdelacretaz	jaxe	0	Developer
bdemuth	unicore	0	No specific role
bdenis	phpwheelform	1	No specific role
bdenney	bochs	1	Developer
bdepalo	pwgenerator	1	Developer
bdepalo	uwutilities	1	No specific role
bdepaz	jankeedoodle	1	No specific role
bderrly	braincurses	1	No specific role
bdeschouwer	mpterm	1	Developer
bdesgraupes	rezilla	1	No specific role
bdesgraupes	tclpro	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
bdesgraupes	tcladdressbook	1	No specific role
bdesgraupes	tclapplescript	1	No specific role
bdesgraupes	tclresource	1	No specific role
bdesgraupes	sudokut	1	No specific role
bdesgraupes	plistcompiler	1	No specific role
bdesgraupes	alphatcl	1	Project Manager
bdesmond	bannernet	1	No specific role
bdesmond	asp-ent-man	1	Project Manager
bdesmond	hitcounternet	1	No specific role
bdespain	opensymphero	1	No specific role
bdespain	xao	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bdesth	zenengine	1	Project Manager
bdevoe	artemisvote	1	No specific role
bdexx	oggcarton	1	Project Manager
bdfriedman	pbasm	1	No specific role
bdfulk	pop3cleaner	0	Developer
bdgilmore	newsware	1	No specific role
bdhc73a	smartwin	1	Developer
bdheaton	aprsd	0	Developer
bdheller	audioslicer	1	No specific role
bdheller	ghostscript	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
bdheller	freecom-usb-osx	1	All-Hands Person
bdheller	logalizer	1	No specific role
bdhooper	chimpinstall	0	No specific role
bdiaz	rhino-tools	0	Developer
bdiaz	nettiers	0	Developer
bdiemer	jvl	1	No specific role
bdiemer	kiga3000	0	No specific role
bdilly	cctools	0	Developer
bdinello	lwpwserver	1	No specific role
bdiouih	qconsole	1	Developer
bdiouih	qaiml	1	No specific role
bdittric	tonto-chem	0	Developer
bdj	harbour-project	0	Developer
bdj	xharbour	0	No specific role
bdkausler	fileparanoia	1	No specific role
bdkausler	jxtray	0	Developer
bdkives	html2pl	1	No specific role
bdmartin	vncr	1	No specific role
bdmathias	thexum	1	Developer
bdmdesign	hvr1300-kernel	1	No specific role
bdmiller	bobo-browse	1	Developer
bdmines	firebug	0	Developer
bdoctor	gplnessuschecks	1	No specific role
bdoctor	relayer	1	No specific role
bdoctor	ipdivert	1	Developer
bdoctor	milterd	1	No specific role
bdodson_esrican	avpython	0	Project Manager
bdodson_esrican	ntxshape	0	All-Hands Person
bdodson_esrican	spinner-wiki	0	No specific role
bdoetsch	alexandreia	1	No specific role
bdominik	classboard	1	No specific role
bdominik	chartdraw	1	No specific role
bdominy	freewpc	1	No specific role
bdomokos	scanfish	1	Developer
bdompe	hopper	0	Developer
bdoneck	ntbb	0	Developer
bdonlan	ebtt	0	No specific role
bdonlan	directnet	0	Developer
bdor	the-whimp	1	Developer
bdorland	gs2	1	No specific role
bdosborne	caedo	0	Developer
bdotzour	pdune	0	Developer
bdouillard	spasm	0	Tester
bdoumas	skweeky3d	1	No specific role
bdoumas	jcaptcha	0	No specific role
bdoumas	aspectjunit	1	No specific role
bdowning	sbcl	0	No specific role
bdpayne	open1x	1	Developer
bdpayne	xenaccess	1	Project Manager
bdragon28	meos	0	Developer
bdragon28	frontierproject	1	No specific role
bdragon28	freestars	0	No specific role
bdrew	triviabase	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bdrew	libgmuvision	1	No specific role
bdrew	qii	0	Developer
bdrewery	ghostbot	1	No specific role
bdroos	poptray	0	Developer
bdrum	dbunit	0	Developer
bdschoen	xletview	0	Developer
bdschuym	ebtables	1	Project Manager
bdscott	freepdb	1	No specific role
bdshelton1	compgeom	0	Developer
bdsivak	grok	0	No specific role
bdsivak	kinsight	0	Developer
bdsivak	maxent	0	Developer
bdt-rob	lmrcs	1	Developer
bdt-rob	lintrain	1	No specific role
bdt-rob	gpsim	0	Developer
bdtdawg	mooch	0	Developer
bdtdawg	robot-escape	1	No specific role
bdthaler	cellmap	1	No specific role
bdtraj	acornhunt	0	No specific role
bdtraj	irisde	0	Developer
bdtraj	vipsi	0	Developer
bduba	smlnj	0	Developer
bdubois	snavtofamix	1	Developer
bdubreuil	mod-auth-shadow	0	Developer
bducrot	tosh3k	1	No specific role
bducrot	omke	0	Developer
bducrot	acpi	0	Developer
bdude	ntbb	0	Developer
bdudney	myfaces	0	Developer
bdudney	cayenne	0	Developer
bdueck	jmx4ant	1	No specific role
bduggan	mod-auth-shadow	1	No specific role
bduggan	yacal	1	No specific role
bduggan	aliasedit	1	No specific role
bduggan	rcsweb	1	No specific role
bduke	python6201	1	No specific role
bduke	sposim	1	No specific role
bduke	g2100config	1	No specific role
bdulfer	r-i-p-s	1	No specific role
bdumitriu	osc	0	Developer
bdumm	axkit-docs	0	Doc Writer
bdumolin	bananet	1	No specific role
bdumolin	zerowiki	1	No specific role
bdumon	pollo	1	No specific role
bdumon	daisycms	1	No specific role
bdunlap	pmail	1	No specific role
bduran74	yarp0	0	Developer
bdutta	libbstat	1	No specific role
bduzik	saptam	1	Developer
bdwinters	muttzilla	1	No specific role
bdz	myphprpg	1	No specific role
bd_pitt	behsp	1	Developer
be-el	gendb	0	Developer
bea17	vj-lang	0	Developer
beachy	dabot	1	Developer
beagle7	cclog-en	1	No specific role
beagleseven	mudrev	0	Developer
beakerboy	pezbase	1	No specific role
beakerboy	phpgedview	0	Developer
beakerboy	tjukebox	1	No specific role
beakerboy	cyberbrau	0	Developer
beaky	wacsip	1	No specific role
beakyb	projecttimer	0	Tester
beallac	vizard	0	No specific role
beaman	biogeomancer	1	No specific role
beamanba	bandwidthd	1	Project Manager
beamanba	cdfix	1	No specific role
beamcar	carnival	1	No specific role
beamer908	drcsharp	1	Developer
beamerik	adamoto	1	Project Manager
beamso	jencode	0	Tester
bean123	grub4dos	1	No specific role
bean595	jyz	1	No specific role
beanalby	nwelite	1	No specific role
beanalby	cwruser	1	Support Manager
beaneg	my-pbs	1	Project Manager
beani	ftpod	1	No specific role
beanie35	cutevst	1	No specific role
beanie35	cutedsp	1	No specific role
beanie42	springframework	0	Developer
beanjamman	persistent	0	Developer
beanmf	animl	1	Project Manager
beanmosheen	pgmfi	0	No specific role
beansobubs	trackver	1	No specific role
beansobubs	ruckus	1	No specific role
beansoft	mapeasy	0	Developer
beanss	expandy	1	No specific role
beansv6	cbitlib	1	No specific role
beantrix	zoomstats	0	Developer
beanz	cupsjuke	1	No specific role
bean_ae	nocc	0	Developer
beapen	ontoderm	1	No specific role
beapen	iisa	1	No specific role
bear420247	rummy	1	Project Manager
bear420247	croquet	1	Developer
bear50	fornax	0	Developer
bearbr	rioplay	0	Developer
bearbr	dqsd	1	Developer
bearchg	simplejda	1	Project Manager
beardape	yasic	1	No specific role
bearded	free-moria	0	Developer
beardedbil	jol	0	Graphic/Other Designer
beardy	pafleetlauncher	1	Developer
beardydude	boardfusion	0	Developer
bearophile	pynetwork	1	No specific role
bearriver	invoicesystem	0	Developer
bears	clink	1	No specific role
bears	archimedes	0	Developer
bears	noffle	1	No specific role
bearsfan	cishell	0	Developer
bearsfan	ivc	0	Developer
bearyung	fireword	1	Project Manager
bearzly	shoddybattle	0	Developer
bearzly	shoddyopoly	1	No specific role
bear_phillips	camcontroller	1	No specific role
bear_phillips	legalindex	1	No specific role
bear_phillips	libwiimote	0	Developer
beast2120	raceship	1	No specific role
beast81	icmd	1	No specific role
beast81	phpmyleagues	0	Developer
beast81	phpsyncml	0	Developer
beast81	phpxmldb-api	1	Developer
beast81	phpftpserv	1	No specific role
beastmaster05	freeport	1	Project Manager
beastmcbeast	platgame	1	Developer
beastmcbeast	portage-sql	1	Developer
beastrider	tikiwiki	0	Developer
beastx	htnews	0	No specific role
beasty777	mepetry	1	No specific role
beata57	aistockbot	0	Developer
beatas	xsb	0	Developer
beatboxrocka	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
beatboxx	nessus2voice	0	Developer
beate_dorow	infomap-nlp	1	All-Hands Person
beatificfaith	eprayer	1	Developer
beatjoerg	mscross	0	Developer
beatlebug	bitweaver	0	No specific role
beatlogs	tftgallery	0	No specific role
beatmik	aspectj-netbeans	1	Developer
beatmik	aspectj4jbuildr	1	Developer
beatniak	pligg	0	Developer
beatnik	spine	1	No specific role
beatnik	stampl	1	No specific role
beatnik	diffmod	1	No specific role
beatniklew	flux-capacitor	1	No specific role
beatnikturtle	indieradio	1	No specific role
beatslcr	vmesst	1	No specific role
beatsurfers	opentzt	0	No specific role
beattie	btmgr	0	Developer
beattie	emimagebuilder	1	No specific role
beattie	hp3300backend	0	Developer
beaty81	students-52n	0	Developer
beatz	dr-wiki	0	Developer
beau32	yottamail	1	No specific role
beauandshayna	csc329rpg	1	Project Manager
beaubell	otpenc	1	Project Manager
beaufour	netdj	1	Project Manager
beauge	mobilus	0	Developer
beauhartshorne	invoiceonline	1	Project Manager
beauhuber	onlinegrades	1	No specific role
beaumont_brett	meta-extractor	0	No specific role
beaumont_brett	webcurator	0	No specific role
beaunet	bmp2phpfont	1	No specific role
beauperj	durex	1	Developer
beauperj	dex	1	Project Manager
beaupoil	eumos	1	No specific role
beaurega	cruiseconsole	1	All-Hands Person
beaurega	testpattern	0	No specific role
beautiful_eowyn	wallpapoz	1	No specific role
beaver2672	atsinfocenter	1	No specific role
beaver4040	spaceconquering	1	All-Hands Person
beaver6813	bblocked	1	Developer
beaver82flasher	b82cms	1	No specific role
beavies	qtvncgui	1	No specific role
beavis	freemed	0	No specific role
beavis69	phpdonkey	0	No specific role
beazley	swig	1	All-Hands Person
beazley	swill	1	No specific role
bea_costa	netbat2	0	Developer
beb74	pokersource	0	Developer
bebben	javaodbcserver	1	No specific role
bebbonet	pdaromedit	1	No specific role
bebecluj	quicktemplate	1	Project Manager
bebemycat2	scarsrl	0	No specific role
bebing	mort	1	No specific role
bebito	podzone	1	Developer
beboo	eumailadmin	1	No specific role
beboo	eucms	1	Developer
beboo	feds	0	Developer
beboo	smartlaunchweb	1	Developer
beboom	ajaxlib	1	No specific role
beboppinchambo	home-firewall	1	No specific role
bebule	geto	0	Support Manager
becampbel	kurzfiler	0	Developer
beccaward	ipcop	1	No specific role
becfm	gisesagil	1	Developer
bechir_zalila	gtkada-wrapper	1	No specific role
bechir_zalila	euler-solutions	1	Developer
bechrisprogs	sdlmax	1	No specific role
bechynsk	jdictclient	1	No specific role
beckant	trunet	1	Project Manager
beckchr	juel	1	No specific role
beckchr	calyxo	1	No specific role
becke	geotools	0	Developer
becker-pechau	jwamenvironment	0	Developer
beckercilliani	s-c-b	1	Developer
beckerist	monzterz	1	Project Manager
beckerl	skyjump	1	No specific role
beckettmw	i18n-web	1	No specific role
beckettmw	gallery-contrib	0	Developer
beckettmw	gallery	0	Developer
beckf	ensuite	1	No specific role
beckf	jdukebox	1	No specific role
beckf	netsv	1	No specific role
beckf	ndwatch	1	No specific role
beckf	ndmon	1	No specific role
beckf	ndpmon	1	No specific role
beckfried	bpmspace	1	Project Manager
beckheng	hessianperl	1	No specific role
beckinho	auguriotool	1	Developer
beckman	xnet-irc	1	Developer
beckmi	projectjedi	1	Project Manager
beckmi	jediedit	1	Project Manager
beckmi	jedimath	0	Support Manager
beckmi	jvcl	1	Project Manager
beckmi	jexperts	1	Project Manager
beckonline	decision-deck	0	Developer
becks007	malayalamlinux	0	Developer
becku007	armlinux	1	No specific role
beckyann123	htmlprod	0	Developer
beckyfoulger	geneontology	0	Editorial/Content Writer
beckyfoulger	gmod	0	No specific role
beckymc	aceoperator	1	Developer
beckymc	cafesip	1	Project Manager
beckysmith	rubox	0	Developer
beck_	libgpmi	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
beck_13	jessica	1	No specific role
becnel	superop	1	No specific role
becomingdigital	textra	1	No specific role
becool	ingeniweb	0	Developer
becool	geekocratie	1	No specific role
becquet	comrt	1	No specific role
becwwilson	enyware	0	All-Hands Person
bedalis	idea-arch	0	Doc Writer
bedan	musm	1	No specific role
bedazzle	viplay3	0	Developer
bedboi	sharedaemon	0	Tester
bedboi	lmule	1	Web Designer
bedders	pbembbl	0	Developer
beddok	openccam	1	No specific role
bedeabza	demet-edunet	0	Developer
bedelaitre	easybox-mod	0	No specific role
beders	hedwig	1	No specific role
beders	nom-swinggui	1	Project Manager
beders	fricol	1	Project Manager
beders	ashkelon	0	Developer
beders	afterthought	1	Project Manager
bederson	togl	1	No specific role
bediako	blkbrd	1	No specific role
bedick	chgpw	1	No specific role
bedilan	ais-e	1	No specific role
bedinelli	gramps	0	Developer
bedis	pkgselect	1	No specific role
bediviere	python	0	No specific role
bedlim	rosedev	0	Developer
bedmar	turbonuke	1	No specific role
bednarek	pixla	1	Developer
bednarski	mandrivai18n-pl	1	No specific role
bedonath	tailor	1	Developer
bedouin	widelands	0	Developer
bedrc	morg-net	1	No specific role
bedrin	phpannotations	1	No specific role
bedrisek	siriel	0	Web Designer
bedros	pysafe	1	No specific role
bedrosian_baol	diamondcrush	0	Developer
bedsitter	gatherring	1	Project Manager
bedsitter	fiveringsrpg	1	Developer
beduino_xt	x-trad	1	Project Manager
beduino_xt	opensource-br	1	No specific role
beduya	phptarsier	1	No specific role
bedwoodward	flicker	0	Developer
bedy	hibernatespace	1	No specific role
bedy	jnokii	1	Project Manager
bee-	indict	1	Developer
bee2	buzzard0	1	Developer
bee2	t5cgame	1	No specific role
bee2	xql	1	No specific role
beeballr	creovel	0	No specific role
beebes	ojbot	1	No specific role
beebit	eurocauce	1	No specific role
beeblbrox	pisvm	1	No specific role
beeblbrox	echempp	0	Developer
beebob	phpblaster	1	Project Manager
beebs	sesame	0	Developer
beebymensies	appmac	1	No specific role
beechase	ribax	0	No specific role
beecher_cz	czlangnet	1	No specific role
beecher_cz	ecomm	1	No specific role
beechwood	dcm4che	0	Developer
beechwood	dicom-cs	1	All-Hands Person
beedlem	athens	0	No specific role
beedlem	jlisa	1	No specific role
beeemm	vpanel	1	No specific role
beeemm	vhcs	1	Project Manager
beef	threedsia	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
beeff	tokratan	0	Developer
beeflat	vlibrary	1	All-Hands Person
beeka	maart	1	No specific role
beekman	tankian	1	Developer
beeky	jedit	0	No specific role
beeman	vsp	1	No specific role
beenbusted	rcr-aesir	1	No specific role
beenieman	rmimop	1	No specific role
beepee357	tractim	1	No specific role
beeplove	ruby-agi	1	No specific role
beep_tomoton	beepcore-java	0	Developer
beequeue	wordclef	1	No specific role
beer29	gclamav	1	No specific role
beer29	gcompmgr	1	No specific role
beerak001	bemoron	1	Developer
beerfun	arcadeworkers	1	No specific role
beerfun	camlusb	1	No specific role
beerfun	gnudap	1	No specific role
beerfun	relfs	0	Developer
beerfun	theredoc	1	No specific role
beergeek	nwwine	1	No specific role
beerka	lanstore	0	Developer
beerking	olos	1	No specific role
beermad	perl-mysql-zaur	1	No specific role
beermad	persistent-perl	1	No specific role
beermann	chromium	0	No specific role
beernaf	unitils	0	Developer
beerockxs	megameknet	0	Developer
beerockxs	mekwars	0	Developer
beerockxs	megamek	1	Developer
beerserg	typefight	1	No specific role
beerwizard	beerwiz	1	No specific role
beery	golib	1	Developer
beeson	tomcatide	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
beesting	zinn	1	Project Manager
beeswax	plwarlock	0	No specific role
beetles	visualgc	1	No specific role
beetles	thundergraph	0	Project Manager
beetle_180	beetle	1	No specific role
beetv	beetv	1	No specific role
beetv	appoker	1	No specific role
beewee_	automatiks	1	No specific role
beewoolie	openjtag	0	Developer
beezilla	dotnetframework	1	No specific role
beezm	yapf	1	No specific role
beezm	celerbb	1	Developer
bee_eee_eee	paulscriptsmods	0	Developer
bef	ivad	1	No specific role
bef	marrowmoon	0	No specific role
befabefa	msoft	0	Developer
beffe	opencmslucene	1	No specific role
beffy	torqueide	1	Project Manager
befinitiv	tinyos	0	No specific role
befinitiv	whitephone	1	No specific role
befletch	breplibrary	1	No specific role
beg	deletrix	1	Developer
begbie	webmusic	0	No specific role
begbie40	webmusic	0	No specific role
begeddov	mpvtools	1	No specific role
begogna	battlehood	1	Graphic/Other Designer
begrendel	dcmunky	1	No specific role
beguiled	celerity	1	Project Manager
beguiled	exscalibar	0	No specific role
beg_g	capi20proxy	0	Developer
beg_g	oreka	0	Developer
behack	yepp	1	No specific role
beharrell	opcxml	1	No specific role
beharrell	opcclient	1	No specific role
beharrell	gdac	1	Developer
beharris	aaf	0	No specific role
behdad	gucharmap	1	No specific role
behdad	preload	1	No specific role
behdad	fribidi	1	Developer
behdad	farsitex	1	All-Hands Person
behdad	farsikde	1	All-Hands Person
behdad	farsitools	1	All-Hands Person
behdad	rira	1	No specific role
behdadh	icpcit	1	Developer
beheadedstraw	bsinvoice	1	No specific role
behedbz	dbzwinmud	1	Project Manager
behemotha	madeleine	0	No specific role
behess	newsmole	1	No specific role
behin	iwp	0	Developer
behlendo	lmt	1	Developer
behlendo	sandiaportals	0	Developer
behnam	rira	0	Web Designer
behnam	gucharmap	0	No specific role
behnam	tan	1	No specific role
behnam	farsimoz	1	Project Manager
behnam	farsitools	1	All-Hands Person
behnam	farsitex	0	Developer
behnam	fribidi	1	Support Manager
behnamrahnama	emulinux	1	All-Hands Person
behnt	kitesim	0	No specific role
beho	steamengine	0	No specific role
beholder77	loonix	1	Developer
beholderk	wtkfree	1	Developer
behounekc	struts4php	0	Developer
behr	utah-glx	0	No specific role
behr78	resmedicinae	0	Developer
behrang	ncglib	1	No specific role
behrend	tpo	1	No specific role
behrens	nith	1	Developer
behrens	murks	1	Developer
behrens06	wirelessrope	1	Project Manager
behrisch	irmp3	1	No specific role
behrisch	jgrapht	0	Developer
behrisch	togethershop	1	No specific role
behrisch	sumo	0	All-Hands Person
behrisch	goya3	0	No specific role
behrmann	iben	1	No specific role
behroozi	anthillbm	1	No specific role
behrooznn	jellyj	0	Developer
behteh	sleuth	0	Developer
behumble	rssowl	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
behun	rivalbb	1	Developer
behzad-	eda	0	Developer
behzei	jchanbot	0	Tester
bei01	gtextk	1	No specific role
beickhoff	p2p-voip	1	Developer
beigetower	beigetower	1	All-Hands Person
beihl	sdlsvg	1	No specific role
beijingbluesky	bluesky	1	No specific role
beiker	xletview	1	Project Manager
beiker	monter	1	No specific role
beiko	jdlabagent	1	Unix Admin
beiko	jdlabstudio	1	Developer
beirne	strip	0	Developer
beiru	sqm-veilmod	1	No specific role
beirut	wiw	0	No specific role
beirwin	loll	1	Project Manager
beirwin	lbproject	1	Project Manager
beischer	host-mobility	1	Project Manager
beisteiner	wbchat	1	No specific role
beisteiner	jfileserver	1	No specific role
beiweike	hispacedic	1	No specific role
beiweike	unihanconver	1	No specific role
bejar	qcmgen	0	Developer
bejorgen	silvernode	1	Developer
bejug_cc	javacareers	0	No specific role
bekas	magicajax	1	Project Manager
bekas	mogre	1	No specific role
bekas	visualogrecore	0	Developer
bekas	axiomengine	0	Developer
bekhiekh	extos	0	Developer
bekhiekh	ribax	0	No specific role
bekiesch	theroofproject	1	Project Manager
bekind	akademos	1	No specific role
bekind	ficsteambot	1	Developer
bekkirene	announce	1	Developer
bekkirene	perlmeme-org	1	Editorial/Content Writer
bekks	darbackup	0	Developer
beko	care2002	0	Developer
bekoszaf	myapm	1	No specific role
bekoszaf	pioneers	1	Developer
bekram	easyvoxbox	1	No specific role
bekri	fremodcc	0	Web Designer
beku	ptbcbgui	1	Project Manager
beku	ptopengui	1	Project Manager
beku	cinepaint	0	Developer
beku	hugin	0	No specific role
beku	oyranos	1	No specific role
bel70	informa	0	Developer
bel70	jgossipforum	1	Project Manager
bel70	jssplitter	1	No specific role
bel70	rss-desk	1	No specific role
bela	sdcc	1	Developer
bela83	school	0	Developer
bela83	qualityboard	0	No specific role
belaban	javagroups	1	Developer
belaban	jboss	0	Developer
belaban	tomcat-jg	1	Project Manager
belaban	hsqldb	0	Developer
belaban	gomscript	1	No specific role
belain	blitznet	0	Developer
belalkhan	crazyfree	1	No specific role
belanger	maxima	0	Developer
belanger	hyperlatex	0	Developer
belanger	yacas	1	No specific role
belangery	jsectunneling	1	No specific role
belarm	isolate	1	Project Manager
belarm	ungoliant	1	No specific role
belatucadros	coatnet	1	Developer
belbernard	bolprocessor	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
belbo	pikskat	1	No specific role
belch	sqlmap	1	No specific role
beldak	raidninja	0	No specific role
belding	kerneldebug	1	No specific role
beldor	hailmary	0	No specific role
belegar	tarotclub	1	Project Manager
belegar	fantasybowl	1	No specific role
belegdol	museek-plus	0	No specific role
belen	oaproject	0	No specific role
belend	jcolibri-cbr	1	Analysis / Design
beleta	polux	1	No specific role
beleta	formiga	1	No specific role
belfiore	cdbng	0	Editorial/Content Writer
belfry74	ebills	0	Developer
belgabor	mcf	0	Developer
belgabor	tpb3d	0	Developer
belgabor	virtualdubmod	1	Developer
belgabor	rct3	0	No specific role
belgarion005	uofiindirect	0	Developer
belghiti	gtrace	1	No specific role
belgiancc	belgiancc-merge	1	Developer
belgiancc	belgiancc-l2w	1	No specific role
belgiancc	belgiancc-hcr	1	No specific role
belgiancc	belgiancc-br	1	No specific role
belgian_tim_c	yabble	1	Graphic/Other Designer
belgian_tim_c	yabb	1	Web Designer
beli0135	remote2doo	1	No specific role
belial_uk	epski	0	Developer
belibcn	bcnnet-lib	1	Project Manager
believer	zealos	0	Developer
believe_in_geek	codfig	1	No specific role
belinde	libellula	1	No specific role
belion	canondrv	1	No specific role
belkacem	anaxagora	1	Unix Admin
belkar	dbashell	1	Developer
bell47	tinyman	0	Graphic/Other Designer
bellaco	webuylug	0	Developer
bellan_d	caribou-p2p	0	Developer
bellard	ffmpeg	1	Developer
bellardo	firebird	1	No specific role
bellator	megaloweb	0	Developer
bellavite	cfxmlblog	1	No specific role
bellavite	bellaalbum	1	No specific role
bellaz89	bellaphotokiosk	1	No specific role
bellbox	lamefe	0	Tester
bellcore	koalamud	0	No specific role
belldb	acsdams	0	Developer
bellecgi	lnis	1	Developer
belleofmw	lpcunit	1	All-Hands Person
bellepatte	battlebricks	1	No specific role
bellero	sshblocker	1	No specific role
bellezi	openreality	1	Project Manager
bellies	guara	0	Web Designer
belling	orrickmp3	1	No specific role
bellinha32	double-trouble	1	Project Manager
bellinha32	interpalm	1	Project Manager
bellj	stpe	1	Project Manager
bellmich	openxpki	1	Developer
bello	winflib	1	No specific role
bellts	ndcms-net	1	Developer
bellursc	stdnet	0	No specific role
bellut	tvspectre	1	Project Manager
bellwether	pio	0	Developer
belly1	appointment	1	No specific role
bell_kin	doomlegacy	0	No specific role
bell_kin	madwifi	0	Developer
bell_mare	ss2006	0	Developer
belman	hlds-mon	1	No specific role
belmond	canyamo	0	Developer
belmond	crece	1	No specific role
belmond	tresframework	1	No specific role
belmond	tresmonitor	1	No specific role
belopolsky	rpy	0	Developer
belorus	stargame	1	No specific role
below_zero	phpxmail	0	Developer
belozoglu	openxpertya	0	Developer
belphegore90	calc-cpp	1	No specific role
belsebub	nanochat	1	Developer
belsebubben	evecms	1	No specific role
beltorak	cidentd	1	No specific role
beltorak	objectx	0	No specific role
beltorak	dibs-ioc	1	No specific role
beltran	yarp0	0	Developer
beltran	bttvx	1	All-Hands Person
belu	thrulay-ng	1	No specific role
belu	thrulay	0	Developer
belugin	unired	1	No specific role
belugin	bugtracker	1	All-Hands Person
belugin	farplugins	1	Developer
belugin	yaml-javascript	0	Developer
belugin	winscript	1	No specific role
belugin	platwar	1	No specific role
belugin	scrhostplugin	1	Developer
belunch	elearn	1	No specific role
belunch	workrecord	1	No specific role
belurs	jdec	1	All-Hands Person
belxjander	eucalyptus	0	Developer
belyi	xkeysw	1	Developer
belyi	pyme	1	No specific role
belzebub_	arhb	0	Developer
belzecue	tbbs	1	No specific role
belzel	opengl-game-fr	1	No specific role
belzex	good	1	No specific role
bemace	jedit-community	1	No specific role
bemace	jedit	0	No specific role
bemann	liberator	1	Developer
bemann	freenet-python	1	No specific role
bemann	eof	0	No specific role
bemann	forth	0	Editorial/Content Writer
beman_dawes	boost-sandbox	1	Developer
beman_dawes	boost	1	No specific role
bemargol	tyrant	0	No specific role
bemark	brie	0	No specific role
bemark	becvsgui	0	Support Manager
bemark	berdp	0	Tester
bemi	phikiwiki	1	No specific role
bemike	archive-crawler	0	Developer
bemike	crawlbyexample	1	No specific role
bemike	yfittu	0	Developer
bemixam	jsn	1	No specific role
bemlernongmon	th-fishlexicon	1	No specific role
bemonek	ffireball	1	Developer
ben	fuzz	1	No specific role
ben	vmhostscan	1	No specific role
ben	npadmin	1	No specific role
ben	pdsh	1	Developer
ben	powerman	1	Developer
ben	quiz	1	No specific role
ben	lpr	1	Project Manager
ben	diskscrub	1	Developer
ben	tdb	1	No specific role
ben	slurm	1	Project Manager
ben-	m-engine	0	No specific role
ben-arnold	ethescio	1	No specific role
ben-franksen	haskell-libs	0	Developer
ben-fu	inkubator	0	Developer
ben-hui	placelab	0	No specific role
ben1	syndetector	1	No specific role
ben1	chrtelnet	1	No specific role
ben13012	javastates	0	Developer
ben14	visionsource	1	No specific role
ben14	yourcmsdev	1	No specific role
ben174	kwotes	0	Developer
ben4e71	onboardc	0	Developer
ben6308	atcsignup	1	Developer
ben9	kommute	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
benaaa	openblox	0	Project Manager
benacquista	lisatools	0	Developer
benad	anet	1	Project Manager
benad	whitedwarf	1	Project Manager
benadida	cctools	0	Developer
benadler	boson	1	No specific role
benagua	pypyme	0	All-Hands Person
benai	wordplaygame	1	No specific role
benalb	qvwm	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
benalex	acegisecurity	1	Developer
benalex	oness	0	No specific role
benalex	spring-rich-c	0	Developer
benares74	time	0	No specific role
benasselstine	quote	0	Developer
benasselstine	mediaphiend	0	Developer
benasselstine	cmov	1	No specific role
benasselstine	free-moria	1	No specific role
benasselstine	fileschanged	1	Developer
benatsofo	future-tv	0	Developer
benau	osc4wp	1	No specific role
benav	ghmm	0	No specific role
benawuah	gltmon	0	No specific role
benb123	codo	1	No specific role
benbalbo	osgerms	1	No specific role
benbe	omorphia	1	Project Manager
benbe	battlearms	1	No specific role
benbe	geshi	0	Developer
benbe	geshi-phpbb	1	Developer
benberm	geneontology	0	No specific role
benberm	gmod	0	No specific role
benbishop	gump	1	No specific role
benbonacci	filiusbonacci	1	No specific role
benbooth5	nesvst	1	No specific role
benbosman	infocon	1	Unix Admin
benbosman	ariadnekps	1	Developer
benbread	tetraweb	0	No specific role
benbriot	transbord	1	Project Manager
benbruscella	coma	1	Project Manager
benbruscella	mess	1	No specific role
benbruscella	mame	1	No specific role
benbur	gfa2mod	1	No specific role
benbusse	moap	0	No specific role
benc	brawl	1	No specific role
bencal	xes	0	Developer
bencall	macgear	1	No specific role
bencao	jesbaby	0	Developer
bencao74	ggms	1	No specific role
bencarey	nhapi	0	Developer
benceolah	lemmings	1	No specific role
bench23	ramp	0	Developer
bench23	nagios-db	1	No specific role
benchalmers	unitywiki	0	No specific role
benchimo	partychat	0	No specific role
benchoff	ncat	1	Developer
benchome	jsnapshot	1	No specific role
benchun	norfolk	1	No specific role
benclewett	perfparse	1	No specific role
bencollins	libraw1394	1	No specific role
bencollins	linux1394	1	No specific role
bencollins	silo	1	No specific role
bencollver	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
bencollver	helpdeco	1	Developer
bencollver	csound	0	Developer
bencourtney	dproofreaders	0	Developer
bencrossman	stdio-zip	1	No specific role
bencrossman	alchemist	0	Developer
bencrossman	osgglut	1	Developer
bencrossman	osggooey	0	Developer
bencrossman	glflc	1	No specific role
bencs	rtzme	0	No specific role
bencs	canaan	0	No specific role
bencs	wmi	0	No specific role
bendahl	projectunity	1	Developer
bendana	arbeitssuche	0	Developer
bender2005	jsepade	1	No specific role
benderam	octopusus	1	No specific role
benderjg	webit	1	No specific role
benderjg	ssax	0	Developer
benderydt	ahts	1	Project Manager
benderydt	inf-beheer	0	Web Designer
bendg	berkano	1	No specific role
bendiblestraw	python6201	0	Developer
bendiksen	bergenblink	1	No specific role
bendnls	robovisor	1	Developer
bendo001	oo-sk	0	Developer
bendoo	typo3xdev	0	Developer
bendrik	boxp	0	Developer
bendt	h3270	1	No specific role
benduncan	mvdbm	1	No specific role
bene1	phpipacstats	1	All-Hands Person
bened	wxcl	0	Developer
benedek	renderx	0	Developer
benedictheal	fwiki	1	No specific role
benedikt	bings	1	Developer
benedikta	bioclipse	0	Developer
benedikta	metamorphosis	0	Developer
benedikta	eclipsecolorer	0	Developer
benedikta	etex	0	Developer
benedikta	jeuclid	1	No specific role
benedikta	chaperon	1	No specific role
benediktdeicke	metabar	0	No specific role
benedikth	coma-agent	1	No specific role
benedikth	forb	0	Developer
benediktniehues	cm3	0	Developer
benedikt_s	framework20	1	No specific role
benedwards	adagen	1	Project Manager
benedwards	j2ee-fusebox	1	No specific role
benedykt	sersmod	0	No specific role
benefitsdragon	openmusicquiz	0	Developer
beneitzen	abrams	1	Developer
beneitzen	beaveros	1	Developer
beneri-7	smd116	0	No specific role
benetech	martus	1	Developer
beneth	phpadm	1	No specific role
benety	lsstack	0	Developer
benex	pgarc	0	Tester
benfarley	eastsideroster	1	No specific role
benfla	htgroupworks	1	No specific role
benfry	processing	1	No specific role
benfy	jugpadova	1	Developer
benfy	openmark	1	No specific role
beng1	activewizard	0	Developer
bengal	ircrobot	1	No specific role
bengalsfan74	beebee-copier	1	No specific role
bengardner	uncrustify	1	Developer
bengardner	cbeventlib	1	No specific role
bengarvey	spewtris	1	No specific role
bengatti	vwind	1	No specific role
benge	huntforgold	0	Developer
bengebre	reblog	0	Developer
bengebre	slashlinks	1	No specific role
bengen	libspawner	1	No specific role
bengen	amavis	1	Developer
bengen	pmilter	0	Developer
bengilmore	survive	1	Developer
bengio	torch5	0	No specific role
benglenn	jspsurveylib	0	Developer
benglish	mathim	1	No specific role
bengof	autotrader	1	No specific role
bengr78	dvdtriviamach	1	No specific role
bengreenstein	tinyos	0	No specific role
bengreiner	orsee	1	Project Manager
bengreiner	las	1	No specific role
bengreiner	repecphp	1	No specific role
bengtb	jnode	0	Developer
benguenther	patchy2006	1	Developer
bengummer	audiobookmaker	1	No specific role
bengunter	stripes	0	Developer
benh	ppclinux	1	No specific role
benh57	gtk-osx	0	Developer
benh57	hexedit	0	Developer
benh57	mutsu	0	Developer
benh57	fink	0	Developer
benh57	finkcommander	1	Project Manager
benh57	armagetron	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
benh57	liboss	0	Developer
benh57	realpolitik	1	Project Manager
benh57	scribia	1	Project Manager
benhagen	monopix	1	No specific role
benhanson	lextl	1	Developer
benhdj	junkmatcher	1	No specific role
benher	setiboinc	1	No specific role
benhiller	jgrader	0	Developer
benhinkle	tinycx	1	No specific role
benhitz	geneontology	1	Developer
benhogan	java-eek	1	No specific role
benhogan	eob	0	Developer
benhogan	agilia	1	No specific role
benholt	wonder	0	Developer
benhoskings	cooker	0	Developer
benhuckleberry	itheater	1	Developer
beniamin	jms4j2me	1	Developer
benichov	hspace	0	No specific role
benighted	scenicskies	1	No specific role
benih	lc-calendar	1	No specific role
benih	csv2ldif2	1	No specific role
benijana	planetdefense	1	Developer
benilol	phpmaximus	1	Project Manager
benilol	extrem	1	Developer
benimaru	johndarme	1	Project Manager
benisci	pfaat	0	No specific role
benistae	eikodiary	1	Project Manager
benitopalacios	epvnet	0	Developer
benius	jedia	1	No specific role
beniwtv	rdgs	1	No specific role
beniz	seeks	1	No specific role
benizi	wordnet	1	No specific role
benj2	w9wm	1	No specific role
benj2	grisbi	1	Project Manager
benj2	textquery	0	No specific role
benj2	ircsupport	1	No specific role
benj2	erc	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
benj72	sharemedia	0	Developer
benjami	openplg	1	No specific role
benjamim	j2c	0	Developer
benjamin-d	macgpg	0	Developer
benjamin4cse	cppse	1	Project Manager
benjaminbishop	egoboo	1	No specific role
benjaminjol	aspunittest	1	No specific role
benjaminlee	freeassociation	0	Developer
benjaminm	invoicenet	1	No specific role
benjaminpaap	phpticketing	1	No specific role
benjaminparker	tamarin	1	No specific role
benjaminws	blome	1	No specific role
benjaminz	udde	1	No specific role
benjamin_auges	donj7	1	Developer
benjamin_choi	libf2n2	1	No specific role
benjamin_loo	vssextractor	1	No specific role
benjamin_pinaud	nemo-cyclone	0	Developer
benjamin_thelen	mapbender	0	Support Technician
benjammin	judge	0	Developer
benjaoming	perennial	1	No specific role
benjasik	sforce-app-dl	1	No specific role
benjasik	sforce	1	Developer
benjcarson	dompdf	1	No specific role
benjcooley	system-csharp	1	No specific role
benjcooley	xoink	1	No specific role
benje06	gnetadm	1	Project Manager
benjeeqds	securitytoolkit	1	No specific role
benjellr	lius	1	Project Manager
benjellr	archimede	1	Project Manager
benjellr	ooforxmldb	1	No specific role
benjennings	tubul	1	No specific role
benjes	lbmmb	1	Project Manager
benjey	mimsfw	1	No specific role
benjicharlton	vetclientdb	1	Project Manager
benjie	libnjb	0	Developer
benjie	wlan-chooser	1	No specific role
benjie	daoism	1	No specific role
benjie	psybin	1	No specific role
benjie	collabvnc	1	No specific role
benjie	cheech	1	Developer
benjif	ccbb	1	No specific role
benjif	diffkey	1	No specific role
benjif	tinara	1	Project Manager
benjif	nime	1	Developer
benjihan	dcplaya	1	Developer
benjihan	sc68	1	No specific role
benjihan	lisodsp	1	No specific role
benjim	cobweb	1	No specific role
benjim	washi	1	No specific role
benjim	enko	1	No specific role
benjimix	annodomino	1	No specific role
benjirate	brazier	1	Developer
benjmestrallet	exo	1	Project Manager
benjmestrallet	xwiki	0	Developer
benjmitch	abrg-brahms	1	Project Manager
benjmon	c12	1	No specific role
benjmon	vportal	1	Developer
benjones2k5	freesounds	1	No specific role
benjunmun	achaeacure	0	Developer
benjy	auc	0	No specific role
benjymous	pxpaint	1	No specific role
benkhoucha	phpnukefr	1	Project Manager
benkibbey	bjk	1	Project Manager
benkioo	flexplor	0	Developer
benkirk	libmesh	1	Project Manager
benklocek	scribbletag	1	No specific role
benkoopmanschap	pydesk	1	No specific role
benkuek	oicd	1	Developer
benl	opn	0	No specific role
benl	openmoney	1	No specific role
benl	libresoft-doc	1	No specific role
benl	movemydata	1	No specific role
benl	modbxxp	0	No specific role
benl	gnukeyring	0	Developer
benl	iload	1	No specific role
benlangfeld	shoutdepot	1	No specific role
benleegt	bensimpblog	1	No specific role
benleegt	verilee	1	All-Hands Person
benleeimp	e-tads	1	Developer
benleeimp	pokedextcg	1	No specific role
benlelillois59	sqlt	0	Doc Writer
benles	enflash	0	Developer
benles	gtd	1	No specific role
benles	aspxmlrpc	1	Project Manager
benley	tunez	0	Developer
benli3060	cvssyncsvn	1	Developer
benlitchfield	fontbox	1	No specific role
benlitchfield	jempbox	1	No specific role
benlitchfield	pdfbox	1	Developer
benlitchfield	middlegen	0	Developer
benliutw	arms-waot	1	Developer
benlof	openkom	0	Developer
benlogan	opencbp	0	No specific role
benlong	uinut-callout	1	No specific role
benlovell2005	nspectre	0	Developer
benlumley	beehiveforum	0	Developer
benlund	urchin	1	Project Manager
benlund	connotea	1	No specific role
benm	grapevine	0	Developer
benmaier	sumo	0	Developer
benmaneu	fudaa	0	Developer
benmat	mvxlib	1	Developer
benmca	bluemusic	0	Developer
benmccart	cpp-fuzzy-logic	1	Developer
benmcgruer	chassis	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
benmeg	biggrid	0	No specific role
benmen	autopilot	0	Developer
benmohs	incubator-52n	0	Developer
benmohs	core-52n	0	Web Designer
benmonro	after	0	Developer
benmonro	ndemo	1	No specific role
benmort	astrog	1	Project Manager
benn-o	democ4phpbb	1	Requirements Engineering
bennelson	chapter-6	1	No specific role
bennetbg	pdmweb	0	Developer
bennetbrower	dpgt	1	Developer
bennetbrower	webbased	1	No specific role
bennetbrower	libxmlement	1	All-Hands Person
bennetbrower	read4me	1	All-Hands Person
bennetry	quote-tracker	1	Developer
bennettj	iphotoalbum	0	Tester
bennettyates	surjey	1	No specific role
bennet_vance	fmri-dmt	1	Developer
benni-kim	fremen	1	No specific role
bennidhamma	emergetk	1	Developer
bennie	beipplugins	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bennisource	foodsoft	1	All-Hands Person
bennix	weka4net	1	No specific role
bennix	mpistudio	1	No specific role
benno	squid	0	Developer
benno37	skyeye	0	Developer
bennorton	empire	1	No specific role
bennorton	action	0	No specific role
bennos	cplusplus	0	Developer
bennovdbrink	abiss	0	No specific role
benno_schmidt	core-52n	0	Developer
benno_schmidt	incubator-52n	0	Developer
bennu500	gcdbreloaded	1	Project Manager
bennv	robocup-video	1	Developer
benny00100	gps-tron	0	No specific role
benny1990	pylucid	0	Developer
benny4711	ispinterface	0	Project Manager
benny77	importwizard	0	No specific role
benny77	auto-matrix	1	Developer
bennyahahn	qgotchi	1	No specific role
bennyahahn	maumau	1	No specific role
bennyamin	cyberpob-stg	1	No specific role
bennyben	ffss	0	Developer
bennybi	neutrinophp	1	No specific role
bennyboi69	worldwars3	0	No specific role
bennygui	xdcm	1	Project Manager
bennymueller	mp3-database	0	Tester
bennyp	linux-wildo	0	Developer
bennyva	anastacia	1	Developer
bennyzaminga	minip	1	Developer
bennyzaminga	jsax	0	Developer
benny_01670	fcukforum	1	Project Manager
benny_01670	http-chat-proto	0	Developer
benny_blanco	wowrosterfr	0	Developer
benny_h	cdjlib	0	Developer
benny_holysword	swingkore	1	Project Manager
benny_pt	grustibus	0	No specific role
benny_s	xamppaddon	0	Developer
benogle	pgmfi	0	Developer
benohear	typo3xdev	0	Developer
benoit	ddt	1	Developer
benoit	eanalyzer	1	Unix Admin
benoitc	phppbx	1	No specific role
benoitcerrina	padict	0	Developer
benoitcerrina	taka	0	Developer
benoitcerrina	hotaru	0	No specific role
benoitdr	midirouter	1	No specific role
benoitfr	modzipread	1	No specific role
benoitg	gnucash	1	Developer
benoitg	wifidog	1	No specific role
benoitg	libofx	1	Project Manager
benoitjacob	avogadro	0	Developer
benoitjacob	openbabel	0	Developer
benoitkoch	mm2odtfreemind	1	Project Manager
benoitperrotin	e-dod	0	Developer
benoitrigolleau	easaier	0	Developer
benoitx	objectlabkit	1	Developer
benoitx	jtreemap	1	Developer
benoitx	qalab	1	Developer
benoitx	pzfilereader	1	Developer
benoitx	statsvn	1	Developer
benoitx	statcvs	0	Developer
benoitx	stat-scm	1	Project Manager
benoit_beraud	map	1	Developer
benoit_beraud	wikindx	0	Tester
benoit_beraud	mountyzilla-map	1	No specific role
benoit_foucque	blenderlipsynch	1	No specific role
benoit_foucque	aqsis	0	Developer
benoit_michel	pannella	0	No specific role
benoit_moreau	ogsconverter	1	Unix Admin
benoram	dunit	0	Tester
benoram	tpaproclx	1	No specific role
benoram	tpessence	1	No specific role
benoram	tpapro	1	No specific role
benoram	tplockbox	1	No specific role
benoram	tporpheus	1	No specific role
benoram	tpopro	1	No specific role
benoram	tpsystools	1	No specific role
benoram	tpsystoolskylix	1	No specific role
benoram	tponguard	1	No specific role
benoram	tpflashfiler	1	No specific role
benoram	tpofficepartner	1	No specific role
benoram	tpvplanit	1	No specific role
benoram	tpbtreefiler	1	No specific role
benoram	tpshellshock	1	No specific role
benoram	tpabbrevia	1	Project Manager
benoram	tpsrmgr	1	Developer
benore	cfopenbb	1	Project Manager
benorgan	squirreldb	1	Project Manager
benorgan	minneola	1	Developer
benos	indpa	1	No specific role
benou91	mailsh	1	No specific role
benouc	netsoul	0	Developer
benouc	wired	0	Developer
benow	gstreamer	0	Developer
benoyantony	pagetrack	1	No specific role
benoybose	xemail	1	Developer
benp25	bbultimate	1	Developer
benpayne	bview	1	No specific role
benpicco	dirsplitter	1	No specific role
benpowis	complat	0	Web Designer
benpriebe	getblogged	1	No specific role
benra	globmoest	1	Developer
benramsey	pedit	1	Project Manager
benrayfield	codesimian	1	No specific role
benrayfield	asteroidrecurse	1	No specific role
benrhard	the-site	1	No specific role
benrhard	thesite	1	No specific role
benrich	open-ms	0	Developer
benrich	ghmm	0	Developer
benrigas	zauruspacman	1	No specific role
benro	kgem	1	No specific role
benrose111488	ageofreedom	0	Developer
benrose111488	icraft	0	All-Hands Person
benrose111488	gnomegnation	0	Developer
benrose111488	codev	0	Developer
benrose111488	dfforum	1	No specific role
benrose111488	snowballz	0	Web Designer
benrossi	tcpdup	1	Developer
benry	nrcalculator	1	No specific role
bens0ns	sociality	1	No specific role
bens50	calcul-mental	1	No specific role
bensales	stuntisland	1	No specific role
bensales	deskthings	1	No specific role
bensch128	omtoolbox	0	No specific role
bensch128	sfgdcoll	1	Developer
benschw	osspace	1	No specific role
benschw	classmanagment	1	No specific role
benschwarz	mopscode	1	Developer
benshadwick	free-moria	1	Developer
bensing	phlogon	1	No specific role
bension	jelcrow	0	Developer
bensjoberg	fahspia	1	No specific role
bensjoberg	twf	1	Project Manager
bensjoberg	phprateit	1	No specific role
bensjomic	bsm-crms	1	No specific role
bensmyth	jbdict	1	No specific role
bensoft	jsquery	1	No specific role
bensoft	cartographer	1	Project Manager
benson17	xban	0	No specific role
benson800	kynnirc	1	No specific role
bensoncd	best75	1	No specific role
bensonchan_	jsqledit	1	Analysis / Design
benspi	txt-mdb-convert	1	No specific role
bensra	iagl0607-ebills	1	No specific role
benssamali	marf	0	Developer
benssamali	ciisesec	0	Developer
benstein	multitreemap	0	Tester
benster310	aspen	1	Project Manager
benstringer	x10meemkit	1	No specific role
bensummers	boxbackup	1	No specific role
bensummers	spotmeta	1	No specific role
bensupnik	libxplanemp	1	Developer
bensussman	gamescrafters	0	Developer
bensw	ccgpaly	1	No specific role
bensw	ccgplay	1	No specific role
bent-german	kazbah	1	Developer
bent-german	java-filter	1	No specific role
bent-german	jgmail	0	Developer
bentcd	ijtree	1	Project Manager
bentels	fitcodegenapi	1	Developer
benteo	moodle	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bentfx	bentfx	1	No specific role
bentho	rssgm	0	Developer
benthomasson	xotcllib	1	All-Hands Person
benthurston	mbasplscr	1	No specific role
benthurston	moviebazaar	1	No specific role
benthurston	osmplayer	1	No specific role
benthurston	grasssmml	1	No specific role
bentins	starteclipse	1	No specific role
bentlage	estudy	0	Developer
bentley	openvrml	0	Developer
bentleykf	ahscs	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bentleythomas	siliconfodder	0	No specific role
bentog	opencola	1	No specific role
bentonj	sapaplanner	1	No specific role
bentonj	pddl4j	1	No specific role
bentriloquist	inducks-browser	1	No specific role
bentsch	ltilib	0	Developer
benurban	pycui	1	Developer
benurban	xpilot	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
benurban	gnuscript	1	All-Hands Person
benurban	su-doku	1	All-Hands Person
benurban	svnc	1	Developer
benutzername	jarpend	1	No specific role
benvalin	bio-papi	1	No specific role
benvantende	typo3xdev	0	Developer
benveniste	orc	0	Project Manager
benvenut	slave	0	Developer
benvg0	spincore	1	No specific role
benw	dinx	1	No specific role
benwaggoner	ars-testbench	0	Developer
benwalther	whop	1	No specific role
benwaynet	dgrabows	0	Web Designer
benwebb	dopewars	1	Project Manager
benwebb	freecivac	1	No specific role
benwebb	freeciv-test	1	No specific role
benweintraub	minnow	1	No specific role
benwestgarth	jolf	1	No specific role
benwestgarth	crosswordsage	1	No specific role
benwestgarth	dotchat	1	No specific role
benwheatley	rb-string-ext	1	No specific role
benwick666	webmad	1	No specific role
benwick666	superjoust	1	No specific role
benwimpory	jhotdraw	0	Developer
benwing	xemacs	1	Developer
benwing	openccg	0	Developer
benwise	jfirewallsim	0	Developer
benwootton	osexchange	0	Developer
benwootton	websitemirror	0	No specific role
benwootton	miri	1	Project Manager
benwootton	mospft	1	Project Manager
benwootton	generation5-jdk	0	Developer
benxor	karmacompiler	1	No specific role
benxtan	pmidic	1	Project Manager
benyblack	xbnet	1	No specific role
benymb	mathgraphdraw	1	No specific role
benypl	savo	1	Developer
beny_mcde	sdlengine	1	Project Manager
benzado	seawars	1	Developer
benzado	ljkit	1	No specific role
benzim	jamochaagent	0	Developer
benzim	jamocha	0	Developer
benzin	drdsvet	1	No specific role
benzino	nsrart	1	No specific role
benzmacx	furc	0	No specific role
benzo	jeasy-do	1	Developer
benzoid	opensitesearch	0	No specific role
benzon	clan-w-manager	1	Project Manager
ben_99_9	renderqm	1	All-Hands Person
ben_99_9	ocaml-coverage	1	Project Manager
ben_anderson	phpua	0	Developer
ben_anderson	phlgui	0	Developer
ben_b54	wsbpeltc	0	No specific role
ben_dash	vcgenv	1	Project Manager
ben_deutsch	zorngame	1	No specific role
ben_gurdon	xbox-linux	0	Doc Writer
ben_honzal	wintra	0	No specific role
ben_hutchison	reportix	1	No specific role
ben_jiang	javaobjectview	1	No specific role
ben_k	apophenia	1	No specific role
ben_k	nasp	1	No specific role
ben_kelley	maprequest	1	No specific role
ben_kitchener	petal	0	Developer
ben_laenen	dejavu	1	Developer
ben_last	quasi-shell	1	No specific role
ben_maas	ya-dhcp-client	1	Developer
ben_matlock	libfuc	1	Developer
ben_of_borg	wallabie	0	Developer
ben_osheroff	njbfs	1	All-Hands Person
ben_staniford	natlink	0	Developer
ben_staniford	unimacro	1	No specific role
ben_the_lucky	drummachine	1	Developer
ben_tillman	dregg-stunts	0	No specific role
ben_walding	dataforge	1	No specific role
ben_walding	winxray	1	No specific role
ben_walding	montage	1	No specific role
ben_walding	jconsole	1	No specific role
ben_walters	ehsrobotics	1	Developer
beo	mammoothlibrary	1	Project Manager
beoba	matchbot	1	Project Manager
beoba	qii	1	All-Hands Person
beobachter	jca1cadapter	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
beoch	openstore	1	No specific role
beoneel	biosqueak	1	Unix Admin
beoran	actemit	1	No specific role
beoran	renai	0	No specific role
beoran	luacheia	1	No specific role
beosdude	modsoapcpp	1	No specific role
beosil	cal3d	1	Project Manager
beosil	digfragdie	1	Project Manager
beosonline	beosdeved	1	No specific role
beostux	final-empire	0	Web Designer
beowulf-23	sdlfrm	0	Developer
beowulf03809	yajikc	1	No specific role
beowulf_	cerescp	1	Developer
bepe86	diggclone	1	Developer
bepi	cgi-builder	0	Developer
bepi	cpan-search	0	Developer
bepi	pod2it	0	Developer
bepi	texthighlight	0	Developer
bepivin	adempiere	0	Tester
beplo	pn-espanol	0	Developer
beporter	hlwhosonline	1	No specific role
beporter	hlmaps	1	Developer
beporter	hlmapconf	1	No specific role
bepot	jstatchartist	1	No specific role
beppause	jady	1	Developer
beppi	cs-framework	0	Developer
beppom	cartelle	1	No specific role
beppu	mp3-daemon	1	All-Hands Person
bepxweb	creasito	1	Project Manager
bequick	rxsoft	1	No specific role
bequw	my-sweeper	1	No specific role
ber	sketch	1	No specific role
bera2	simple-shop	0	No specific role
beradrian	xadpam	1	No specific role
berahac	camatella	1	No specific role
berardo	ajaxobject	1	Developer
berbigf	classldap	1	Project Manager
bercegeay	ldg	1	No specific role
bercegeay	windom	1	Developer
berch	iconic	1	No specific role
berchmanjohanes	svdp-case	0	Developer
bercker	incubator-52n	0	Developer
bercker	core-52n	0	Developer
bercoes	soapuddi	0	Developer
berdachuk	filearranger	1	No specific role
berdandy	ldj	1	No specific role
berdir	bework	1	No specific role
bere	mms4l	1	Developer
beredon	imdbparse	1	No specific role
bereghy13	dunememories	1	Developer
beremeth	j2eeindustry	0	Doc Writer
beren12	iptables-p2p	1	No specific role
beren12	poisoned	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
beren12	fink	0	Developer
beren1hand	collective	0	Developer
beren1hand	archetypes	0	Developer
berenddeboer	ewg	0	No specific role
berenddeboer	eiffel-emacs	1	No specific role
berenddeboer	edt	1	Developer
berenddeboer	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
berenddeboer	visualeiffel	0	Developer
berends	myns	0	Developer
berendsohn	digir	0	Developer
berend_hoekman	ondex	0	Developer
berenice	openpnl	0	Developer
berentsen	linecontrol	0	Developer
berenyi	php-dbwig	1	No specific role
beres	behsp	1	No specific role
beres	tuxarcade	1	Developer
beret	sitedocs	0	No specific role
beret	slashcode	0	No specific role
bereta	mdo	0	Tester
beretta42	ptoke	1	No specific role
berett_m	interpol	1	Project Manager
bereza	jbooks	1	No specific role
bereza	haste	1	No specific role
bereziat	windom	1	Project Manager
bereziat	ldg	1	Project Manager
berezin	perl-backup	1	No specific role
bergamin	ueagle	1	Project Manager
bergamot	conpar	1	All-Hands Person
berge	hypertree	0	Developer
bergendahl	mitc-openbio	1	No specific role
bergenlund	adventures	1	No specific role
berger17	csfish	1	Developer
bergerc	ahn	1	Developer
bergerhoff	quickrex	1	No specific role
bergern	myfirstsolver	1	No specific role
bergeron76	dashpc	1	No specific role
bergert	bergertom	1	Project Manager
bergerta	netps	1	No specific role
berghei	iboard	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
bergie	mgdide	1	No specific role
bergie	midgard	1	Project Manager
bergie	townportal	1	No specific role
bergie	exorcist	1	No specific role
bergi_marco	role-your-rules	0	No specific role
bergla	pogled	1	No specific role
bergmair1	wordnet2sql	1	No specific role
bergmair1	fancylogin	0	No specific role
bergmann	phpopencounter	1	Project Manager
bergmann	phpop3	1	No specific role
bergmann	php-blog	0	Developer
bergmann	php4ue	1	No specific role
bergner	legatrain	1	Developer
bergo	eboard	1	All-Hands Person
bergo	mit	1	No specific role
bergo	foca	1	No specific role
bergo	blackbook	1	No specific role
bergo	agnustic	1	No specific role
bergo-sf	powl	0	Developer
bergo-sf	mytai2	1	Developer
bergos	pimailsystem	1	Developer
bergou	enduser4gl	1	No specific role
bergoz	viaqs	1	No specific role
bergquistj	envision3	1	No specific role
bergquistj	fsml	1	No specific role
bergsprekken	eventyrskole	1	No specific role
bergweiler	stille-post	0	Developer
berhan	pcmsystem	0	Developer
beri	bioauth	1	Developer
beri-pl	interactivesb	1	Developer
beriah	ispheres	0	Developer
beric	tclhttp1-1	1	Developer
berickson	openncip	0	Developer
berin	xml-security-c	1	No specific role
berise	ktorus	1	No specific role
berit	sherpa	0	Tester
berj	liquidmaya	0	Developer
berk	nova-irc	1	No specific role
berk	novax	1	No specific role
berke	berkewipe	1	No specific role
berkemdin	freemarket	0	No specific role
berkenbosch	nproject	0	Developer
berkland	poopliivsmagic	1	All-Hands Person
berkling	iposystem	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
berkum	easytiles	1	No specific role
berkus	akregator	1	No specific role
berkus	amarok	1	Developer
berkus	clickomatic	1	Project Manager
berkus	cowards	1	Project Manager
berkus	goos	1	Analysis / Design
berkus	organik	1	Project Manager
berkus	odin-os	1	Project Manager
berkus	nasm	1	All-Hands Person
berkus	neptunepro	1	Project Manager
berlangero	tiny-workflow	1	No specific role
berlinerkindl	viewmax	1	Developer
berlinerkindl	carbuntu	1	Project Manager
berlinerkindl	i-dvr	1	Developer
bermi_ferrer	akelos	1	Project Manager
bermi_ferrer	localize	1	No specific role
bermudillo2002	pollsadmin	0	Developer
bern	fmaps	0	No specific role
berna	sesnake	1	No specific role
bernard78	rfid-emulator	1	No specific role
bernardb	swsusp	1	Project Manager
bernardcena	mathkit	0	Developer
bernardchen1	pocketgnugo	0	Developer
bernarddecuyper	restoreinpaint	1	Project Manager
bernarde	ltp	0	Developer
bernardfrancois	jversim	1	No specific role
bernardfrancois	casualskin	1	No specific role
bernardfrancois	chameleonskin	1	No specific role
bernardhoffman	wakita	1	Project Manager
bernardinis	bernardinis	1	No specific role
bernardli	systemimager	0	Developer
bernardli	ganglia	0	Developer
bernardli	oscar	1	Project Manager
bernardofd	erd	1	Developer
bernardoh	idal	1	No specific role
bernardp	carambacomp	0	No specific role
bernardroche	moodleblocks	1	Developer
bernardroche	abits-fipa-mesg	0	Project Manager
bernardv80	liza4xbtt	0	Developer
bernard_ledru	jtennisclub	0	No specific role
bernard_m	rdma	0	Developer
bernaschi	remus	1	Project Manager
bernaschi	capwap	1	Project Manager
bernaschi	sockmi	1	Project Manager
bernatp	pyxmame	1	No specific role
bernatp	loemu	1	No specific role
bernd	cervisia	1	No specific role
bernd3	winuae	0	Developer
bernd67	olsrd	0	Developer
bernd67	redeemer	0	Developer
berndbaechle	tralegator	1	Project Manager
bernddasbrot	pocoo	0	Developer
bernddusemund	createcert	1	No specific role
berndfoobar	accessserver	1	All-Hands Person
berndfoobar	gdcsim	1	All-Hands Person
berndhaug	venividiwiki	0	Developer
berndhs	miniscsim	1	No specific role
berndk	startmig	1	No specific role
berndkolb	architecturware	1	Developer
berndl	ecb	1	Project Manager
berndl	cedet	0	Developer
berndlesser	venividiwiki	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
berndproissl	jhfc	1	No specific role
berndproissl	jrparamprompter	1	No specific role
berndroessl	publicvoicexml	1	No specific role
berndspeiser	echempp	1	No specific role
berndspeiser	quantity	1	No specific role
berndsteiner	spampal	0	Support Technician
berndth	sylpheed-claws	0	Developer
berndtrog	avr-ada	0	Developer
berndts	sawoian	0	No specific role
berndwill	flash3dengine	1	Project Manager
berndx	yapa	1	Developer
bernd_afa	aros	0	Developer
bernd_hinrichs	powder3d-ip	1	No specific role
bernerbits	j2rubee	1	No specific role
berneru	elexis	0	Doc Writer
bernfarr	jode	0	Developer
bernhara	pcktaggregator	1	No specific role
bernhard	sketch	1	No specific role
bernhard	jump-pilot	0	Developer
bernhardbrem	emonic	1	No specific role
bernharderb	calimero	1	Developer
bernhardheld	sdcc	1	Developer
bernhardhoe	venividiwiki	0	No specific role
bernhardrode	amarokfs	1	No specific role
bernhardroth	venividiwiki	0	Developer
bernhardtt	esper	1	No specific role
bernhard_	wheep	1	Project Manager
bernhard_s	omss	1	No specific role
berni8	weatheroffice	1	Project Manager
bernie2004	gnomegnation	0	Graphic/Other Designer
bernie2k	blog52	1	No specific role
bernie9998	imap2smtp	1	No specific role
berniebeos	mediastation	1	Project Manager
berniebeos	mediatracker	1	No specific role
bernieberg	websitelite	1	No specific role
berniehogan	egotistics	1	Developer
bernieke	movieshare	1	No specific role
berniematt	shear	1	No specific role
berniesquest	berniesquest	1	No specific role
berniet	pydisplay	0	Developer
berniew	rethegame	0	No specific role
bernie_redman	kflash	1	No specific role
bernijantscher	pingpong	1	No specific role
bernijantscher	constructor	1	No specific role
bernijantscher	closed	1	No specific role
bernijantscher	ntfsrecover	1	No specific role
bernijantscher	sourcekeeper	1	Developer
berniman	chesspresso	1	No specific role
bernis	omegapi	0	Developer
bernisys	hotsanic	1	Project Manager
bernisys	tvspectre	0	Developer
berniw	torcs	1	Developer
berniw	x-scrot	0	No specific role
berniwa	php-xsql	1	No specific role
berniwa	mysql-admin	1	Developer
bernix	fmonopoly	1	No specific role
berni_jantscher	pingpong	0	No specific role
berno	guiclient	1	Developer
bernson	pyreportgen	1	No specific role
bernt	plixit	1	No specific role
bernulli0	myphpshop	1	No specific role
bernuly	iqr	1	No specific role
bernya	proja	1	No specific role
bernya	soloader	1	All-Hands Person
bernya	sunnysite	1	No specific role
bernyw	strutscx	1	No specific role
bernz	bernzspaces	1	No specific role
bero	berolinux	1	No specific role
bero	pclasses	0	Developer
bero	freefilm	1	No specific role
bero	espgs	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
bero	qtparted	1	Project Manager
bero	cgilib	1	No specific role
berobero	dcquake	1	No specific role
berobero	wxd	1	No specific role
berobero	sdl-dc	1	No specific role
beroset	thinking-forth	0	Developer
beroset	nasm	0	Developer
beroul	nbpp	1	All-Hands Person
berov	bcc	1	No specific role
berrance	your-site	1	No specific role
berrange	aplaws	0	Developer
berrinam	megui	1	Developer
berrod_t	net-view	0	Developer
berrondo	ultraftp	1	Project Manager
berrueta	vapour	1	No specific role
berrueta	weso	0	Developer
berrueta	zinc-project	1	No specific role
berryman77	pydal	1	Developer
berryman77	pydball	1	No specific role
berryman77	pycrossdb	1	No specific role
berryn	acsdams	0	Developer
berryware	cpo	1	Developer
berryweb	tikiwiki	0	All-Hands Person
berryweb	tiki2	0	All-Hands Person
berryweb	meteorcms	0	All-Hands Person
bers	openmn	0	Project Manager
bersa	jungerl	1	No specific role
bersa	kpoll	1	Developer
bersa	erlyaws	0	Developer
bersace	cotcot	1	No specific role
bersace	gnomescan	1	No specific role
berserk	webobjects	0	Developer
berserk2005	turquaz	1	Developer
berserkera3	arianne	0	Graphic/Other Designer
berserkerman	monkeylrp	0	Developer
berserker_r	keyforum	0	Developer
berserk_stern	caboquinho	1	Project Manager
bershath	nxripper	1	No specific role
bert2600	pac-box	1	No specific role
bertas	gtime	1	No specific role
bertas	gwallpaper	1	No specific role
bertas	gbookreader	1	No specific role
bertbell	cantera	0	No specific role
bertbombenleger	csadminshell	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
berteh	protege-docgen	1	No specific role
bertelsen	emeraldlanguage	1	No specific role
bertf	croquetproject	1	Project Manager
bertf	squeak	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
bertg	xpilotgame	0	All-Hands Person
berthengron	meddix	1	No specific role
berthet	guidolib	1	Developer
berthet	libmusicxml	0	Developer
bertigo	couteau	1	No specific role
bertilkarlsson	sowap	0	Developer
bertillac	jaluna	0	Developer
bertilsson	scdoc	1	No specific role
bertilsson	implementor	1	No specific role
bertl	arrowmatcher	1	Project Manager
bertolami	dvdthek	1	No specific role
bertoldia	gmfba	1	No specific role
bertolf	harbinger	1	No specific role
bertolli	pisareliabletk	1	No specific role
bertolt	ne-odc	1	Developer
bertram	qedo	1	No specific role
bertram	cif	1	Project Manager
bertram25	themanaworld	0	Developer
bertramh	elite4gl	0	Developer
bertramherzog	slicer	1	Developer
bertramscharpf	bake	1	No specific role
bertrand	mplayer	0	No specific role
bertrand	knetworkconfig	1	No specific role
bertrand111	disa-adresaro	0	No specific role
bertranddb	kitesim	0	No specific role
bertrandl	synergykm	1	Developer
bertrandmj	statsvn	0	Unix Admin
bertrand_cachet	winlibre	0	Developer
bertrand_lupart	caudium	0	Developer
bertrand_lupart	gotpike-ste	1	No specific role
bertrik	hp3300backend	1	Project Manager
bertrik	libnetmd	0	Developer
bertrik	lpcusb	1	No specific role
bertrik	sonix	0	Developer
bertv	accedit	1	No specific role
bertv	abc	1	No specific role
bertvanbrakel	castordoclet	0	Developer
bertvano	adsl4linux	0	Developer
bertw	exuniverse	1	No specific role
bert_mathieu	intact	0	Developer
berun	lpuni	0	Developer
bervi	phpfb	1	No specific role
berwol360	taf	1	No specific role
berwol360	vjava	1	Project Manager
beryllium	mangobery	1	Project Manager
beryx	gjtapi	0	Developer
berzal	pattern	1	Project Manager
berzerka	buzztard	0	Developer
ber_44	isisimages	1	No specific role
besacier	diamondspin	1	Project Manager
besan	drjava	0	Developer
beschr	sql2form	1	No specific role
bescoto	sqmail	0	Developer
bescoto	librsync	1	Developer
bescoto	rproxy	1	Developer
besfk	realclient	1	All-Hands Person
besfred	xaraya	1	Developer
besh23	pagebuilder	1	No specific role
besh23	echolot	1	No specific role
beshapiro	xlr8r	1	No specific role
beshapiro	sbml	1	Developer
beshapiro	computableplant	1	No specific role
beshenov	ql-lib	1	No specific role
beshenov	pgtool	0	Web Designer
beshig88	joomlaschoolcms	1	Developer
besigedb	cleanslate	1	Project Manager
besjonok	bgs	0	All-Hands Person
beskow	togl	0	Developer
besmail	mlamjarh	0	Project Manager
beson22	satlovers	0	Tester
bessarabov	co2bessarabov	1	Developer
besslee	vxl	0	No specific role
bessling	bombsquad	0	Developer
besslinger	jcryptool	1	Project Manager
bessyboo	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
bess_sadler	thdltools	1	All-Hands Person
bess_sadler	martini	1	Developer
best-beer	pemar	1	No specific role
best-beer	mozpets	1	Developer
best-oss	jfs	0	No specific role
bestchai	amiens	1	Developer
bestchai	vfer	1	Developer
bestcomy	nteam	0	Developer
bestel	wxdevcenter	1	Developer
bestel	arcallians	1	Developer
bestep	phpcrsite	1	No specific role
bester	gnorbits	1	Project Manager
bestfriendchris	panopticode	0	Developer
bestgenm	servercheck	1	No specific role
bestguy	brick-xml	1	No specific role
bestm80eva	opticalm8	1	Project Manager
bestmahesh12	ps2emu	1	No specific role
bestmazzo	snail	1	No specific role
bestofmed	ipt	1	No specific role
bestorga-oss	sblim	0	No specific role
bestory	bestory	1	No specific role
bestouff	genext2fs	1	No specific role
bestracer	openvisa	0	No specific role
bestseller	evision	1	No specific role
bestseller	e-vision	1	Project Manager
bestter	hdlg	1	Project Manager
bestter	aero	1	Project Manager
bestter	weblocos	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bestter	modular	0	Doc Writer
bestuk	mangos-wf-v3	0	Developer
bestuk	bc-core	1	No specific role
bestvcboy	carvingdbg	0	No specific role
best_brightest	nmapwin-soc05	1	No specific role
best_brightest	nmapsoc	1	No specific role
best_dev	mailprex	1	Unix Admin
beswaminathan	kryfto	0	Tester
beswicks	digit	1	No specific role
bet	popbsmtp	1	Developer
bet-frogger	ptxdist	1	Project Manager
bet-frogger	rtnet	1	Developer
betacarotine	kosi	0	Unix Admin
betagold	riana	1	No specific role
betajaen	ogre	0	Developer
betajaen	nxogre	1	No specific role
betajin	cacia	1	No specific role
betajin	vea	1	No specific role
betalord	springrts	0	No specific role
betanik	proxool	0	Developer
betanine	cinaproxy	0	Developer
betaz	qirc	0	Developer
betaz	sharpirc	0	Developer
betbest1	freemerge	1	No specific role
betbest1	wagontrain2	1	All-Hands Person
betehess	armadeus	0	No specific role
betek	luamm	1	Project Manager
betelgeuze	imonia	0	Developer
betelguese	hawking	1	Developer
bethany_audran	foreigndesk	0	No specific role
bethf	activegrid	0	Content Management
bethlhogg	magichelper	1	No specific role
bethlogan	cmusphinx	0	Developer
bethnull	tinybldlinux	1	No specific role
bethoring	xmlfr	0	Developer
bethrezen	lurm-project	1	No specific role
bethrezen	lurm	1	Developer
bethstone	luxasm	1	All-Hands Person
bethstone	intraface	1	Project Manager
betinho	asportal	0	Developer
betinhum	simpleelection	1	No specific role
betisweb	vorton	0	Web Designer
betlista	oo-sk	0	Developer
betlit	xmltv	0	Developer
beto-bl	phpmedia	0	No specific role
betobyte	solutionmaker	1	No specific role
betocavila	flick3d	0	Developer
betocavila	gtb	0	Developer
betoes	avrprog	1	Project Manager
betof	koha	0	Developer
betogm	linux-gen	0	No specific role
betokat	proyectodanc	1	Developer
betomoreno_g	s-c-b	1	Developer
betosalgado	openisis	1	No specific role
betotorres	three	1	Project Manager
betoule	typhon	0	Developer
betrayed	bovine	0	Developer
betrayer	scooby	0	No specific role
betso	lacy	1	No specific role
betso	minb	1	Project Manager
betterhere	greensig	1	No specific role
betterworld	perlboard	0	Developer
bettif	dlab	0	Developer
bettina	phpgwapps	0	Developer
bettina	phpgroupware	1	Project Manager
bettina	phpgwapi	0	Developer
bettina	linux-at-work	1	Project Manager
bettina	funkwerk	1	No specific role
bettingf	dvd-create	0	Developer
bettingf	vxl	0	No specific role
bettss	mod-rest-cache	1	No specific role
betty	gobackstage	0	Developer
betul	cofaxsdp	1	All-Hands Person
betul	cofax	1	Project Manager
betula	gramps	0	Developer
beubeu	dstroy	0	Developer
beuc	dinktranslation	1	Project Manager
beuc	pcl-cvs-e	1	Project Manager
beuc	tikiwiki	0	No specific role
beuchelt	coopaccounting	1	No specific role
beulaitz	musun	1	No specific role
beulette	greetings	1	No specific role
beurresoft	icqnd	1	No specific role
beurresoft	beurregb	1	No specific role
beurth	dlcenter	0	No specific role
beuster	bang	0	No specific role
beutel	btnode	1	Project Manager
beutel	ethernut	0	Developer
beutel	netsim	1	No specific role
beutel	tinyos	0	Developer
beutler	quote-tracker	1	Developer
beuwolf	close2me	1	No specific role
bevank	tikm	1	Developer
bevan_calliess	jfirewallsim	0	No specific role
beveloper	bedrivers	0	Developer
beveloper	open-beos	1	Developer
bevotte	photorganizer	1	No specific role
bevtech	ultravnc	0	Developer
bewareircd	bewareircd	1	No specific role
bewareircd	bewareserv	1	No specific role
beweiche	picinger	1	No specific role
beweiche	xmlec11n	1	Project Manager
beweiche	xtensiblecms	1	Support Manager
bewind	j3ba	0	No specific role
bewos	bewos	1	No specific role
bex3000	risicare	0	Developer
bexie	linuxchix-faqs	0	Developer
bexp	dcs	1	All-Hands Person
beyabani	dasher	0	No specific role
beyhanmeyrali	whatisnext	1	No specific role
beyhanmeyrali	smsengine	1	No specific role
beyond-thoughts	zopedaemon	1	No specific role
beyondcopy	beyondcopy	1	No specific role
beyondinfinity	clicker	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
beyondkaoru	bananaproject	1	No specific role
beyondnet	osts	1	Developer
beyondnet	fsbib	1	No specific role
beyondnet	fstd	1	No specific role
beyondnet	fspg	0	No specific role
beyondsociety	ibox	1	Developer
beyond_wyc	ignitiondb	0	Developer
beyond_wyc	codev	0	Developer
beyond_wyc	xanths	0	Developer
beyonix	colen	0	No specific role
beyourspine	ufseniorproject	0	No specific role
beza1e1	dj-py	1	No specific role
bezak	accessgrid	0	No specific role
bezak	openmash	0	No specific role
bezaleeldtg	openlp	0	Doc Writer
bezdar	d2realm	0	Developer
bezeee	netbeams	0	No specific role
bezeert	jscribe	1	No specific role
bezelplat	airkbet	1	No specific role
bezier	lt4el	0	No specific role
beziercurve	sharpcad	1	Developer
bezirksreiter	bezirksreiter	1	No specific role
bezirksreiter	pyopenoffice	1	No specific role
bezysset	jflight	0	Developer
bezzer	ksvn	1	Graphic/Other Designer
bez_	swraid2web	1	No specific role
bez_	ocmwebminplus	0	Tester
be_nice_to_all	backflap	1	No specific role
bf19314	jstockquote	1	No specific role
bfallenstein	zaubertrank	1	No specific role
bfallenstein	lyterate	1	No specific role
bfallenstein	gzigzag	0	No specific role
bfchen	cuteipconfig	1	No specific role
bfdcc	wiaflos	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bfdingo	aaf	0	Developer
bfederau	mediafs	0	Developer
bfeely	mzxexperimental	1	No specific role
bfeely	mzx32	1	No specific role
bfegler	bfegler	1	No specific role
bfeinste	idxp-java	1	No specific role
bfekete	esmfcontrib	0	No specific role
bfekete	esmf	0	Developer
bfelton	peeweemanager	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bfennema	linux-udf	1	All-Hands Person
bfennema	packet-cd	0	No specific role
bferg	q3ctrl	1	No specific role
bferg	xmlsig	0	Developer
bferg	xml-dsig	1	Project Manager
bfernhomberg	netatalk	0	Developer
bferrell	openh323	1	No specific role
bfeurer	livcos	1	Project Manager
bff	javampd	1	No specific role
bff	bjj	1	No specific role
bffoley	gigomg	1	No specific role
bfgalbraith	hack-and-slash	1	Doc Writer
bfgalbraith	tuxboxgames	1	Project Manager
bfg_	sx4000	1	No specific role
bficke	lportal	0	Developer
bfintal	waterflea	1	No specific role
bfioca	wasp	1	Developer
bfioca	rescuetime	1	No specific role
bfjf	lwgv	1	No specific role
bfjuju94	jloganalyser2	0	Developer
bfl	amphion	1	No specific role
bflat1	ilist	1	No specific role
bflat1	imskpe	0	No specific role
bflat1	xnap-commons	1	Developer
bfleisch	php-sqlite3	1	No specific role
bfleisch	distmake	1	No specific role
bfleisch	nanohttpd	1	No specific role
bfleisch	ocsinventory	0	Developer
bfleisch	bootpdnis	1	No specific role
bfleury	odf-converter	0	Developer
bflong	elbot	1	No specific role
bflorat	qdwizard	1	No specific role
bflorat	amiprotocol	1	Project Manager
bflorat	jpattern	1	No specific role
bflorat	jajuk	1	Project Manager
bflorat	entagged	0	No specific role
bfms	bfms	1	No specific role
bfo	os9exec	1	Project Manager
bfolkens	turbinefop	1	Developer
bfomitch	stlport	1	Project Manager
bfons	poprelay	0	All-Hands Person
bfontana	cbadump	1	No specific role
bfontana2002	moved	1	Developer
bforbhavin	online-recruite	0	Requirements Engineering
bford85	sermon	1	No specific role
bfordham	mixlet	1	No specific role
bforge	xframe	1	Project Manager
bforsberg	mileage	1	No specific role
bforsberg	mpman	1	No specific role
bforsberg	otrplayer	1	No specific role
bfox	metahtml	1	No specific role
bfox	pimple	1	No specific role
bfoz	tda	1	No specific role
bfozard	ndmfs	1	No specific role
bfpd070	opennfirs	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bfrackie	open-medium	1	No specific role
bfrade	prodem	1	No specific role
bfranske	b2evo-captcha	1	Developer
bfranske	evocms-plugins	0	Developer
bfreitag	ipn	1	No specific role
bfriesen	wvware	0	No specific role
bfriesen	webmagick	0	All-Hands Person
bfriesen	libjpeg	1	Project Manager
bfriesen	graphicsmagick	1	Developer
bfsb	enterprise	0	No specific role
bfsumner	spms	0	Tester
bfturner	protofit	1	No specific role
bfulgham	jungerl	1	No specific role
bfulgham	schematics	1	No specific role
bfulgham	pywx	1	No specific role
bfulgham	edt	1	Developer
bfulgham	openpoplog	0	Developer
bfulgham	hurd	1	No specific role
bfuller	xpweb	0	No specific role
bfwalker	resmedicinae	0	Doc Writer
bfwebster	sundog	1	Project Manager
bfxsmoke	tmdcwebpad	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bf_keymaker	brainfuck	1	No specific role
bg-	contiki	0	Developer
bg-monster	msg-export	1	Project Manager
bg2000	szglab4-2k6	1	Developer
bg66	elserv	0	Developer
bgab	http-chat-proto	0	Developer
bgabor	ecell	0	Developer
bgaiffe	ltag	0	Developer
bgalbraith	shatteredrealms	0	Developer
bgalbrecht	controlremote	0	No specific role
bgalbs	jazzy	0	Developer
bgallia	dexux	1	No specific role
bgallia	pamcache	1	No specific role
bgalmiche	dotnetbuild	1	No specific role
bgalon_2000	space-dodge	1	Developer
bganesh	dv1394d	0	Requirements Engineering
bganesh	mlt	0	Requirements Engineering
bganesh	imli	1	No specific role
bgannin	adium	0	No specific role
bgao_7351	no-sod	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bgarcia	dnrd	1	No specific role
bgard6977	squarepbx	1	No specific role
bgarde	robocuprescue	0	Developer
bgardner333	phpoto	0	Tester
bgardner333	freelock	1	No specific role
bgarmisa	candideblog	1	No specific role
bgarret	chordshop	1	No specific role
bgarret	lilycomp	1	No specific role
bgarret	notage	1	No specific role
bgarrigues	xdflengine	1	Project Manager
bgarrigues	banjan	1	Project Manager
bgarst	regex-demon	1	No specific role
bgarvey	cayambe	0	Developer
bgarwood	nrao-sparrow	0	Developer
bgarwood	gbtidl	1	Developer
bgat	gdbstubs	1	No specific role
bgat	linuxdc	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
bgat	usboscope	1	No specific role
bgauthier26	innux	1	Project Manager
bgaydek	dwt	1	No specific role
bgaydek	yafumato	1	No specific role
bgbarcus	gcgreatcode	1	Project Manager
bgbarcus	vptk	0	No specific role
bgbraga	j2eespider	1	No specific role
bgcboyus	chengdu	1	Developer
bgcord	aces	0	Graphic/Other Designer
bgdarnel	thoughtstream	1	No specific role
bgdarnel	linkmaster	1	No specific role
bge	voodoo	1	No specific role
bgeek	gnoban	1	All-Hands Person
bgeib	embsys-mp3	0	Developer
bgeisler	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
bgelb	msncd	1	No specific role
bgenders	drdaq	0	Developer
bgendleman	mem-5am	0	No specific role
bgenesis	shack	1	No specific role
bgeorge	communicator	1	No specific role
bget	gldata	0	No specific role
bgetter	bonfireflights	0	Developer
bggraves4000	zolter	1	Developer
bggraves4000	vprog	1	No specific role
bggraves4000	lockedfolder	1	No specific role
bggraves4000	ainstall	1	No specific role
bggraves4000	awesomes	1	No specific role
bggraves4000	awesomemail	1	No specific role
bghose	ayttm	0	Developer
bghose	anjuta-extras	1	No specific role
bghose	panini	1	No specific role
bghose	moznews	0	Developer
bghose	entrans	0	Developer
bghose	latex-indic	1	Developer
bghose	phr	0	Developer
bghose	personite	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bghose	hindawi	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
bghose	gtkbook	0	Developer
bgibbs	geocanvas	1	No specific role
bgidley	osworkflowgui	1	No specific role
bgidley	vbdoxygen	1	All-Hands Person
bgietzel	condor-ext	0	Developer
bgilmer	aaf	1	Project Manager
bgilmer	edl2aaf	1	No specific role
bgion	felyx	0	Developer
bgiroud	cobol	1	Project Manager
bgiroud	gnv	0	Developer
bgiroud	tiny-cobol	1	Developer
bgiroud	open-cobol	1	Project Manager
bgjohnso	nettiers	0	Developer
bgjohnso	nettiersref	1	Developer
bgk55	securecms	0	No specific role
bgk55	ghh	0	No specific role
bgkuhn	csvobjectloader	1	No specific role
bglaettli	mies	0	Distributor/Promoter
bglattfelder	scope	0	Developer
bglendenning	ear	1	No specific role
bgodfrey	mtf	1	Project Manager
bgohla	popup	1	No specific role
bgol	simplemail	0	Developer
bgoli	pysces	1	Developer
bgomolka	meducase	1	Developer
bgomolka	niobjects	1	Project Manager
bgomolka	webman-cms	0	Developer
bgonzales2000	educationbits	1	No specific role
bgonzalez	jsf-datatable	1	No specific role
bgoodin	genx	1	Developer
bgoodin	ibatisnet	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bgooren	javagroups	0	Developer
bgoska	betadecay	1	All-Hands Person
bgough	gslwrap	0	Developer
bgove	ima-shoutbox	1	No specific role
bgove	ima-linkmanager	1	No specific role
bgowan	preschal	1	No specific role
bgoyanna	jwurfl	1	No specific role
bgpalmer	jxunit	0	Developer
bgpalmer	jxweb	0	Developer
bgpalmer	palmtree	1	Project Manager
bgr	pnotepad	0	Developer
bgr	mklientsdk	0	No specific role
bgraur	embeeng	1	No specific role
bgraves	bob-music	1	No specific role
bgray90	spymonitor	1	No specific role
bgrayson	xosview	1	No specific role
bgreen	openocr	1	No specific role
bgreen0x1	nodemon	1	No specific role
bgreen0x1	growler	1	No specific role
bgreinfeld	openlogistic	1	Project Manager
bgreinfeld	sociable	0	Developer
bgrieder	evolusync	1	No specific role
bgrosse	boombasster	1	No specific role
bgrossin	ideopass	1	No specific role
bgrossman	webium	1	No specific role
bgrotan	cerebrum	0	Developer
bgrotan	forgetldap	1	No specific role
bgrotan	luma	1	Project Manager
bgruber	irrlicht	0	Developer
bgrundmann	fil	1	No specific role
bgrupp	free-cad	0	Developer
bgruschko	etla	1	Developer
bgruschko	nicic	1	Developer
bgruschko	dgol	1	No specific role
bgruschko	jwst	1	Project Manager
bgrutters	ops	0	Developer
bgsandeep	reg4i	1	No specific role
bgstansell	gnachm	1	No specific role
bgstansell	verdad	1	Developer
bgt	idcp	1	No specific role
bgta	php-eddi-dev	1	Developer
bgubenko	boost-sandbox	0	No specific role
bgubenko	boost	0	Developer
bguedes	xml4form	1	No specific role
bguijt	rhinocomponents	1	No specific role
bguijt	quotations	1	No specific role
bguillon	mypal	0	Developer
bguillon	openaip	1	Project Manager
bguillon	dsidtb	0	Developer
bgunusen	yetanotherclib	0	Developer
bgutierrez	eridu	0	Developer
bgvanburen	microtiger	1	No specific role
bg_squirtle	hiddenvillage	1	Developer
bh1234	dancehelper	1	No specific role
bh2	cishell	1	Developer
bh2	ivc	1	No specific role
bh213	bombers60	1	No specific role
bh445	dropline-gnome	0	Developer
bhaadhrymm	phobrpg	1	Project Manager
bhaadhrymm	amaltasy	1	Project Manager
bhaadhrymm	etoiles	0	Support Manager
bhaak	nethack-de	1	No specific role
bhaak	vilistextum	1	No specific role
bhaal22	wikipdf	0	Developer
bhaal22	subcontrol	1	Developer
bhaal22	phantasywar	1	No specific role
bhaas	dagchainer	1	No specific role
bhaas	manatee	1	No specific role
bhaas	syntenyminer	1	No specific role
bhaas	pasa	1	No specific role
bhaas	evidencemodeler	1	No specific role
bhaase	swpmail	0	Developer
bhabanism	uddu	1	No specific role
bhackerozzo	cpulimit	1	No specific role
bhadorn	cellcomputing	1	No specific role
bhadresh	indianoss	0	Developer
bhadreshp	cdk	0	Developer
bhafer	jargx	1	No specific role
bhafer	sbdaemon	1	No specific role
bhagabhi	dotg	1	Developer
bhagan-pentaho	qareports	1	Project Manager
bhagan-pentaho	pentaho	0	Developer
bhagvank	reubo	1	No specific role
bhagvank	wstoolkit	1	No specific role
bhagvank	jsfcomp	1	No specific role
bhagvank	heusolve	1	No specific role
bhagvank	archcontainer	1	No specific role
bhagvank	archtoolkit	1	Project Manager
bhagvank	openesb	1	No specific role
bhagyeshtrivedi	mybrowse	1	No specific role
bhaiabrar	university	0	Tester
bhaidaya	dominoext	0	Developer
bhalchandrabhat	spcpanel	1	No specific role
bhalla	moose-g3	1	Project Manager
bhalu	odrm	1	No specific role
bhamail	cruisecontrol	0	Developer
bhamdouni	freebell	0	Developer
bhammersley	perl-rss	0	No specific role
bhammersley	radiopod	1	No specific role
bhandley	messiah	0	No specific role
bhandy	libjirc	1	Developer
bhandy	legacytokenizer	1	Project Manager
bhanu	sveccha	1	Developer
bhanup80	publex	0	No specific role
bharadgo	jspread	1	No specific role
bharat	deepsix	1	No specific role
bharat	gallery-contrib	1	Developer
bharat	gallery	1	Project Manager
bharat	playmaker	1	No specific role
bharata	lkcd	0	Developer
bharata	ssic-linux	0	Developer
bharata	ci-linux	0	Developer
bharatbala	saplogistics	1	No specific role
bharatha	lipitk	0	Developer
bharathlivi	linus	1	No specific role
bharath_chopra	addressbook	1	No specific role
bharati	phonemodeler	0	Developer
bharatiraghavan	floranta	0	Developer
bharat_ei	bib-tech	1	No specific role
bharat_nagda	s-pace	0	No specific role
bharavi	jpos	0	Developer
bharendt	lightning	1	Developer
bhargava_amit	lli	0	No specific role
bhargavmist	jackhammer	0	Developer
bhargavmist	imsniffer	0	Developer
bharrishawaii	belvedere	1	No specific role
bhars18	wonderland	1	Developer
bhart010101	texniccenter	0	Doc Writer
bharthix	httpcert	1	No specific role
bhartshorn	pyosg	1	No specific role
bhartshorn	pyode	0	No specific role
bhartshorn	morphix	0	Developer
bhart_adept	prefect	1	Developer
bharvathi	iwall	0	Developer
bhaskar	worldvista	1	Unix Admin
bhaskar	openvista	0	Developer
bhaskar	sanchez-gtm	1	Project Manager
bhaskar	hardhats	1	Developer
bhaskara	calisp	1	No specific role
bhaskarb	datadraw	0	Developer
bhaskarnvvs	turbotrader-bos	0	Developer
bhaskarnvvs	turbotrader	0	Developer
bhaskar_jain	sysadminster	1	No specific role
bhaskar_sen	bspslab	1	No specific role
bhaskie	qhotwire	1	No specific role
bhaskie	luit	1	Project Manager
bhaskin	corewar	0	Developer
bhaslinux	webxmms	0	Developer
bhaslinux	ymserv	1	No specific role
bhasting	dets	1	Developer
bhatia_gargi	webtutorials	0	Developer
bhatia_gargi	mailprex	0	Developer
bhatia_gargi	tickpacks	1	User Interface (UI) Designer
bhattach	gphone	0	No specific role
bhattkadambi	matip	0	Developer
bhavin_r	easyjdbc	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bhavmus	indexgenerator	0	Developer
bhavmus	quirks-uvm	0	Developer
bhavpreet	pye	1	No specific role
bhawkes	pie	1	No specific role
bhawkins1	jedit	0	No specific role
bhazer	libdbi-drivers	0	Developer
bhazer	libdbi	0	Developer
bhazer	splack	0	Developer
bhazer	ferite	1	Developer
bhe001ro	inode	0	Requirements Engineering
bheadley	aiptektablet	0	Project Manager
bhearsum	free-moria	0	Web Designer
bhearsum	pongball	1	No specific role
bhearsum	titangs	1	No specific role
bheathr	kpncalc	1	No specific role
bhebel	elml	0	Developer
bhechinger	gbnbot	1	No specific role
bhedrick	vaj2cvs	0	No specific role
bhedrick	quartz	0	No specific role
bhegerle	formality	1	No specific role
bhegerle	knotlab	1	No specific role
bhegerle	idiom	1	No specific role
bhegerle	pdfwatch	1	No specific role
bheilbrun	bugin	1	All-Hands Person
bheilig	secom	1	Developer
bheineman	jtds	1	Project Manager
bheineman	beyond-reality	1	No specific role
bhelfrich	nano-hive	1	Project Manager
bheller2004	tabbrowser	1	No specific role
bheller2004	smud	1	No specific role
bhelmkamp	shamrocks	1	Developer
bhenden	yafdotnet	1	Project Manager
bhendricks	sundog	0	All-Hands Person
bhenerey	odeiavir	1	No specific role
bhensch	storm-pim	0	Developer
bhensler	aaf	0	Developer
bhenty	koinpurse	1	Project Manager
bhepple	gjots2	1	No specific role
bherger	genchemlab	1	No specific role
bherger	openbabel	0	Developer
bherger	x3dchem	1	No specific role
bherger	xdrawchem	1	No specific role
bhermann	j2mp3dbs	0	Developer
bherrmann7	jphotobook	1	No specific role
bherrmann7	jbum	1	No specific role
bherrmann7	jblog	1	No specific role
bherrmann7	sejbgen	1	No specific role
bherrmann7	saint	1	No specific role
bhess	dmvault	1	No specific role
bhesselbo	razorbill	1	No specific role
bheung	cctools	0	Developer
bheuvel	pctb	1	No specific role
bhgraham	weirdo	1	No specific role
bhickel	pokerlounge	0	Developer
bhiksha	cmusphinx	1	Developer
bhill10	centraview	0	Developer
bhillou	sqlprofiler	1	No specific role
bhilstad	maven-plugins	0	Developer
bhimpfen	poeb	1	No specific role
bhimpfen	prograde	1	Project Manager
bhimpfen	nsat	0	Developer
bhimpfen	diveintocfml	1	Project Manager
bhimpfen	gradebooks	1	Project Manager
bhimpfen	tatteredrpg	1	Support Manager
bhimpfen	sperls	1	Project Manager
bhinkem	xxc	0	No specific role
bhiri	wsmx	0	Developer
bhirschm	lvs-cc	1	No specific role
bhisham	lessonbuilder	0	Developer
bhkwan	jpam	0	Developer
bhlewis	oratcl	0	No specific role
bhloh	findmaan	1	No specific role
bhnb	wview	1	Developer
bhoard1	asplinks	1	No specific role
bhockney	webfwlog	1	No specific role
bhojas	linux-iscsi	0	Developer
bholam	insimnia	1	No specific role
bholam	retinascan	1	No specific role
bholland	eclipse-os	1	No specific role
bholland	iboy	0	Developer
bholzer2	architecturware	0	Developer
bholzer2	congen	1	No specific role
bhonda	helpdesk	0	No specific role
bhoo	wisupdecode	0	Developer
bhoolkuamit	wjmempro	1	No specific role
bhoolkuamit	parikshak	1	No specific role
bhor	borsudoku	1	No specific role
bhorton	opendatabase	1	No specific role
bhotika	vxl	0	No specific role
bhouston	exocortexdsp	1	No specific role
bhs128	druantia	0	Developer
bhsoft	bh-helpcenter	1	No specific role
bhsoft	bh-organizer	1	No specific role
bhszekel-oss	jastor	1	Project Manager
bhszekel-oss	lsid	1	Developer
bhszekel-oss	ibm-slrp	1	Developer
bhtooefr	slashnews	1	No specific role
bhtooefr	proteinprogress	1	No specific role
bhtooefr	pyeasycms	1	No specific role
bhu73	webmin-bb	0	Support Technician
bhuang	squid-config	1	No specific role
bhubauer	wombat	1	All-Hands Person
bhubauer	libservlet	1	All-Hands Person
bhubert	webhubert	1	No specific role
bhucker	cofaxsdp	1	All-Hands Person
bhudda	pacsquared	1	No specific role
bhuddleston	jdump	1	No specific role
bhue	sirius-sign	0	No specific role
bhuge1	partner	1	No specific role
bhullu	daffodilreplica	0	Developer
bhumika	powerpc	1	No specific role
bhumphre	jaimlib	0	Developer
bhumphreys	subethaclipse	1	No specific role
bhun	salvation	1	No specific role
bhupendra_aole	visq	1	No specific role
bhupeshk	genepal	0	No specific role
bhurley77	dmzme	1	No specific role
bhursey	sofablog	1	All-Hands Person
bhursey	aivis	0	Project Manager
bhursey	coati	1	Developer
bhurt	utcboot	1	No specific role
bhurt	ocaml-lib	0	No specific role
bhurt	nomen	1	No specific role
bhurtlin	picsize	1	Project Manager
bhurtlin	eib	1	No specific role
bhuseman	jcash	0	No specific role
bhushan_takwani	omcommodity	1	Project Manager
bhushit	raaga	1	No specific role
bhushit	surfaces	1	Project Manager
bhusted	log-tracker	1	No specific role
bhuvanbk	dblink	1	No specific role
bhuvan_s_2000	e-helpdesk	1	Project Manager
bhuvan_s_2000	e-reportmanager	1	Project Manager
bhuvan_s_2000	grupohci	0	Developer
bhuynh	netbeams	0	No specific role
bhyde	sahana	0	No specific role
bhyde	thinlisp	1	No specific role
bh_bandxi	confit	1	Project Manager
bh_doc	relffuhs	1	No specific role
bh_doc	freepop	1	All-Hands Person
bi11n	helps	1	No specific role
bi11n	image-commenter	1	No specific role
biadev	utplsql	0	Developer
biafrarepublic	omegaboard	0	No specific role
bial9466	cornerpocket	1	Developer
biali	ragnamania-cg	1	No specific role
bianchins	valkyrja	1	No specific role
bianchins	spampig	0	No specific role
bianchis	stunts3d	1	Web Designer
bianlian	bianlian	1	No specific role
bianlian	accessunit	1	No specific role
biatch	wpigdc-cms	0	Developer
biatch_x	ssad	1	No specific role
bib	egroupware	0	Editorial/Content Writer
biba2	yate	1	No specific role
bibach	openjade	1	No specific role
bibakisv	fckeditor	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bibble	vert	0	No specific role
bibciter	bibciter	1	No specific role
biber82	fssuite	1	No specific role
biberme	digify	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bibi-pov	ikbin	0	Developer
bibi-pov	freeguide-tv	0	Developer
bibi2k3	addon	1	No specific role
bibi675	fourmis	1	No specific role
bibi92	ocsinventory	1	No specific role
bibi92	ocs4all	1	Project Manager
bibi92	ocs4linux	1	Project Manager
bibi95	dvdmb	1	Developer
bibian	openkore	0	Developer
bibimax	quotasquid	0	No specific role
bibimax	banipssh	1	No specific role
bibimax	bwchecker	1	No specific role
bibiphoque	testbanksystem	0	Developer
bibisvals	olatedownload	0	Developer
bibi_skuk	warshinp	1	Developer
bibledit	bibledit	0	Support Manager
bibliotecalivre	bibliotecalivre	1	No specific role
biblioth3que	gaimtheque	1	No specific role
biblos	biblos	1	No specific role
bibok	jaccessmngr	1	No specific role
biboo	apple3d	1	No specific role
bibop	zososoft	0	Developer
bibounde	timmic	0	No specific role
bibounde	birdy	1	No specific role
bibryam	opentaps	0	No specific role
bibstha	kinbech	1	Project Manager
bibswap	bibtoonto	1	No specific role
bibtex	bibtexml	1	No specific role
bibub	enginesg	0	No specific role
bic2k	myhouse	1	Project Manager
bic2k	libxmlconf	1	No specific role
bic2k	steve	1	No specific role
bica	equigen	1	No specific role
bican	whois	0	Developer
bican	mydiffsql	1	No specific role
biceps	wcell	1	Developer
biche	medclipse	0	Developer
bichlesi	wwc	1	No specific role
bicho44	newspapers	1	No specific role
bichou	isicup	1	Developer
biclinton	jsgameviewer	1	No specific role
biclinton	opentools	1	No specific role
bicoder	nassicreator	1	Developer
bicofino	pureweb	1	No specific role
bicoo	beep	1	Project Manager
biczkows	nodespace	1	Doc Writer
bidd	gnomebaker	1	Project Manager
biddappa270478	jsfukti	1	No specific role
bidem	j3dminesweeper	1	No specific role
bidhan	spcs	1	No specific role
bidibala	zitt	1	No specific role
bidik	gnomk	0	No specific role
bidik	ooomk	0	No specific role
bidoche	avisynth2	0	Developer
bidon20	mediacontrol	1	Project Manager
bidon20	felix-project	1	Project Manager
bidon20	marioj	1	Project Manager
bidou1983	phpdmenu	1	No specific role
bidouille	dnswalk	0	Developer
bidu	distvidsys	1	No specific role
bidu	adedonha	1	No specific role
bidu	saguim	1	Developer
bidule	ri-li	1	No specific role
bidule	spacecup	1	No specific role
bidule99	sqldoc	1	No specific role
bidwej	developcave	1	Developer
bidzhao	dao4j	1	No specific role
biecker	jcitizen	1	No specific role
biedermann	php-bookinx	1	No specific role
bielara	lewiscampsec	0	No specific role
bielecki_b	trace-analyzer	0	Developer
biene	sproducer	0	All-Hands Person
bierbrauer	lebon	0	Developer
bierce	revision-forum	1	Project Manager
bierhoff	robowars	0	Developer
bierhoff	tom7misc	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bierhoff	bibforjava	1	Developer
bierkandt	gxsm	0	Developer
biermana	guiclu	1	No specific role
biermana	phpgiggle	1	No specific role
biermana	outreach	0	Developer
biermana	nibschema	1	No specific role
biermana	newster	0	Developer
biermeister	open-sharedroot	1	Project Manager
biersteker	frisk1	0	Developer
biertje	moeraskip	1	No specific role
biertjuh	biertjuh	1	Project Manager
biertrinker	tomcatbook	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
biertrinker2001	imageblend	1	No specific role
bierwagen	ggms	1	Developer
biesi	pm-smime	1	No specific role
biesi	mmc	1	Developer
biesior	pwb	0	Developer
biezelbaer	tinycartwall	1	No specific role
biezuner	sql04	0	Developer
biezuner	cablecrawler	1	Developer
bifacial	pywrath	1	No specific role
biff303	freestyledust	1	Project Manager
biffhero	hamlib	0	Tester
biffhero	ktestsuite	1	No specific role
biffio	partychat	0	No specific role
biffke88	bfmedia	1	No specific role
biffle	opendesire	1	No specific role
bifidus	variomat	1	All-Hands Person
bifimsx	cbios	0	Developer
bifimsx	openmsx	0	Tester
bifimsx	slingshot	0	Developer
big-big	cridmanager	0	Developer
big-dan	beasy	1	No specific role
big-dog	whmtools	1	No specific role
big-dog	klear	0	Developer
big-j	capo	1	No specific role
big-p	chat	1	No specific role
big-r	sendipservice	1	Developer
big-skillz	bier-gewinnt	1	No specific role
big-skillz	stonoid	1	No specific role
big-wave	overthrow	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
bigagt	tequila-engine	0	Developer
bigalchie	mycash	1	All-Hands Person
bigalex	openc6project	1	No specific role
bigangryguy	dark-nebula	1	No specific role
bigarnie	nfpnet	1	Developer
bigbad	pnc	1	No specific role
bigbadbob0	aquarium	0	Developer
bigbadbumblebee	matchup	0	Developer
bigbadcoder	lazybones	1	No specific role
bigbadger	lngcompiler	1	Support Manager
bigbadger	xoops	0	Developer
bigbadhoss	psp-gnulinux	1	Developer
bigbadstu	eduos	1	Developer
bigbadstu	b-risk	1	No specific role
bigballeralwayz	phpclanscripts	1	Project Manager
bigbangk	wp-avatar	1	No specific role
bigbeav	smallnap	1	No specific role
bigbeaver	ensite	0	No specific role
bigbee	jumpingsockets	1	All-Hands Person
bigbinc	spiritbot	1	No specific role
bigbinc	orangelin	1	No specific role
bigbinc	glants	1	No specific role
bigbio2002	tklone	1	No specific role
bigbit	bowlfish	0	Tester
bigblue	php-site	0	Developer
bigbobbystyle	rodeocommerce	1	No specific role
bigbobbystyle	bshop	1	No specific role
bigbobbystyle	osdialer	1	No specific role
bigboos	nfwatchman	1	No specific role
bigboos	bigboos	1	No specific role
bigbootay	t7e	1	Developer
bigbootay	xamtools	1	Project Manager
bigbootay	xamnet	1	All-Hands Person
bigboote	advantagedialer	1	No specific role
bigbowser666	xmelee	1	Developer
bigboytoddy	sensetalk	1	All-Hands Person
bigbrainlabs	cowbird	1	No specific role
bigbrownchunx	portage-c	1	Developer
bigbrownchunx	xajax	1	Project Manager
bigbrummy1977	jessica	1	Developer
bigbug	farsitex	0	Developer
bigbuggy	avra	0	Developer
bigburd	worldwars3	1	Project Manager
bigc	smaf	1	All-Hands Person
bigcalm	lazycode	1	No specific role
bigchirv	ewa	1	No specific role
bigcrow	geographics	0	Graphic/Other Designer
bigdaddy66	x-rally	1	Project Manager
bigdaddydsp	tovid	0	Developer
bigdaddydsp	mbsystem	0	DBA (Database Administrator)
bigdaddydsp	follow	1	All-Hands Person
bigdaddypaco	vlit	1	Developer
bigdady	simep	1	Developer
bigdams	foxwmp	1	No specific role
bigdams	qdict	1	No specific role
bigdave2001	boxnetapi	1	Project Manager
bigdaveyl	openeducate	0	No specific role
bigdaveyl	attendance	0	Developer
bigdaz	jbenchmark	0	Developer
bigdisk	coopx	1	No specific role
bigdisk	geocrawler	1	No specific role
bigdisk	phortify	1	No specific role
bigdog	lemondrop	1	No specific role
bigd_train	mymoviemanager	1	Project Manager
bige42083	ntfm	0	Developer
bigeon_j	net-view	0	Developer
bigf89	downloadboss	1	No specific role
bigf89	firstwall	1	Developer
bigfatjoe	jfileparser	1	No specific role
bigfatnerd	eyelog	1	No specific role
bigfaucet	jguard	0	Developer
bigfish	fiveringsrpg	0	Developer
bigfleet	javalangtools	0	Developer
bigfleet	astgen	0	Developer
bigfleet	drjava	0	Developer
bigfoot	q4project	0	No specific role
bigfoot13	bnw	0	Developer
bigfoot_hunter	openttd	0	No specific role
bigfoot_hunter	ufintruder	0	Developer
bigfreeze	unictrl	0	Developer
bigfun	musicdevil	1	No specific role
bigg	key	0	No specific role
biggers	collective	0	Developer
biggeruniverse	joode	0	No specific role
bigger_ape	onemedia	1	No specific role
biggestblue	biggestblue	1	No specific role
biggie1334	aibuddy	0	Developer
biggreennmean	alter-life	1	No specific role
biggs	qfetch	1	Developer
biggsdriut	theendlesspit	0	Developer
biggun	lcdata	1	No specific role
biggus_jimus	jasper	1	Developer
biggyp	disctree	0	No specific role
biggyp	opencd	1	No specific role
biggyp	sealsystem	0	No specific role
bighar	blogspeak	1	No specific role
bighead	peacock	1	No specific role
bighead16	rgs	1	No specific role
bighettisis	bigmonetario	1	No specific role
bighostkim	idserver	1	No specific role
bighouse	narrowmire	1	No specific role
bighuge91	opencpf	0	No specific role
bigh_29	cstl	1	No specific role
bigike4215	supercsbrothers	1	Developer
bigislandvegan	mbuddy	1	Project Manager
bigjack7	ed-html	1	No specific role
bigjack7	uxrps	1	Developer
bigjack7	religious	0	Developer
bigjem01	feudalsim	0	Developer
bigjoe1008	scod	1	No specific role
bigjoe1008	grapevine-gui	0	Developer
bigjohngoulah	bacnet	0	Developer
bigjuevos	phpeshell	1	No specific role
bigj_sal	pizzagame	1	Developer
bigj_sal	pizza-business	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
bigj_sal	devproject	1	No specific role
biglee	jugjobs	1	Developer
biglee	stikiweb	1	No specific role
bigler	teem	0	Developer
bigliard	jxquick	0	Developer
biglo	cryingearth	1	Project Manager
biglord	ultraworks	1	Project Manager
biglou502	egatnom	1	No specific role
biglug	perl-date-time	0	No specific role
biglug	tovid	0	Developer
biglug	tasc	1	No specific role
biglug	opencgi	1	Project Manager
bigluks	wunschscript	1	No specific role
biglux	biglux	1	No specific role
bigluzer	pspmediaserver	1	No specific role
bigmac38	time-sheet-db	1	No specific role
bigmac999	freebase	0	No specific role
bigmahler	uengine	0	Developer
bigmahler	metaworks	0	Developer
bigmaliang	rur	1	No specific role
bigmama27	bigtrick	1	No specific role
bigmammoth	vlit	1	Project Manager
bigman921	idrs	1	Project Manager
bigman921	myvd	1	No specific role
bigmarv	bigmarvmoviedb	1	No specific role
bigmichi	blitzmaxgtk	1	Developer
bigmichi1	ueei-verwaltung	1	No specific role
bigmichi1	phpsysinfo	1	Developer
bigmick	qgolfcup	1	No specific role
bigmike160	erc	1	Developer
bigmike160	dosutils	1	No specific role
bigmike160	hangit	1	No specific role
bigmike160	hcoop	0	No specific role
bigmike30	freecol	0	Developer
bigmonster	josgui	0	No specific role
bigmoss	basalmr	1	No specific role
bigmura	synrechner	0	Developer
bigmuscle	strongdc	1	No specific role
bigmutty	myftc	1	No specific role
bignachos	qref	0	Developer
bignate	sprm	0	Developer
bignemo	jvifm	0	No specific role
bignester	c2dse	1	No specific role
bignester	ccap	1	No specific role
bigniels	colen	0	No specific role
bignoser_1981	ncindy	0	All-Hands Person
bigo1	big-o-space	1	Developer
bigodines	phpboleto	1	Project Manager
bigoldrock	qdsman	1	No specific role
bigoldrock	qdcsyslog	1	No specific role
bigoldrock	eimmunesys	1	Developer
bigor	realtimecomm	1	No specific role
bigor	judita	0	No specific role
bigorilla	oppcos	1	Developer
bigots	libgxlplusplus	0	Developer
bigpanda	chaidb	0	Developer
bigpapan0z	fboide	1	No specific role
bigpaul	odontolinux	1	Project Manager
bigpilot	envoy	1	No specific role
bigpod	korkboard	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
bigr546	aurora-ims	1	No specific role
bigra	botsatac	1	No specific role
bigrana	objectbridge	0	No specific role
bigrasjf	ppacc	1	No specific role
bigredpimp	xulresumegen	0	Developer
bigredpimp	devkitpro	0	Developer
bigrichau	sophie	1	Developer
bigrixx	oorexx	0	Developer
bigrob_ca	neutrinonet	0	Developer
bigrossco	fixnchipscms	1	Project Manager
bigrossco	oneorzero	0	Support Technician
bigsexy	anny	1	No specific role
bigsexymo	qbots	1	Developer
bigshane2001	coveryourasp	1	All-Hands Person
bigsheep	kodakpcd	0	Developer
bigshot	easycalc	0	Developer
bigshot	astrofun	1	No specific role
bigskypenguin	phpenguin	1	No specific role
bigsnerm	redemption	1	Developer
bigstoo	moodle	0	Developer
bigsunli	galaxy-platform	1	No specific role
bigswim	ftpractical	1	No specific role
bigtangringo	failoverdaemon	1	No specific role
bigtangringo	boxxmon	1	No specific role
bigtangringo	wlbscm	1	No specific role
bigtchaps	iagl0607-ebills	1	No specific role
bigtrezde	xawak	1	No specific role
biguphpc	osgdesigner	1	Project Manager
bigwasp	bitweaver	0	Developer
bigwayne	sdlpl	1	No specific role
bigweasle	gwar	1	Graphic/Other Designer
bigwest	grouphotel	0	Developer
bigwhale	kpos	1	No specific role
bigwhale	kfprot	1	No specific role
bigwillsmall	phphitman	0	Developer
bigwillystyle42	edonkey	0	No specific role
bigwilma	schnirc2	1	No specific role
bigyax	wintasklist	1	No specific role
big_berny	delphi-master	1	No specific role
big_bill_boy	dproofreaders	1	Developer
big_dave	shastahub	1	No specific role
big_gie	mt39	1	No specific role
big_head2006	medclipse	0	Developer
big_k105	element	1	Developer
big_mama	openanno	0	Graphic/Other Designer
big_maverick	anetlistcompare	1	No specific role
big_moth	skypeshell	1	No specific role
big_moth	guupim	1	No specific role
big_p	strutsbox	1	Project Manager
big_patch	logix2	1	No specific role
big_vj	codpad	1	No specific role
bihai	vbide	1	No specific role
bihaiko	venusview	1	Developer
bihaiko	jbanana	1	Developer
bihaiko	jsenna	1	Developer
bihrm	zeitkarte	1	Project Manager
biiej	chemworks	1	No specific role
biiiiigwave	piquest	1	No specific role
biiru	vetcalc	1	No specific role
biiru	livecontrol	1	No specific role
bij147	htmltutor	0	Tester
bij147	battleofempires	1	No specific role
bijugc	cygnome	0	Web Designer
bijugc	cygnome2	0	Web Designer
bijugc	w3l	1	No specific role
bijugopinath	phpeclipse	0	Developer
bijugopinath	phpempower	1	No specific role
bijugopinath	pelegrine	0	Web Designer
bijugopinath	multix	1	No specific role
bijugopinath	morscool	0	Web Designer
bijugopinath	imagegenie	1	No specific role
bijugopinath	dbconnect	0	Web Designer
bijugopinath	care2002	0	Graphic/Other Designer
bijugopinath	futuresgateway	0	Developer
bijuj	virtualdb	0	Developer
bijut	lli	0	No specific role
bijwaard	linux-lc100020	0	Developer
bikam0wz	sayzme	1	Developer
bikash1999	najsoft-flight	0	Developer
bikeb	konserve	1	Graphic/Other Designer
bikedude880	universejdj	0	Developer
bikehsu	axeframework	1	Project Manager
bikepirate	lymric	0	Tester
bikepunk005	libmistat	1	No specific role
bikepunk005	mistat	1	All-Hands Person
biker663	fbsideserver	0	Tester
bikeracer4700	log4c	0	Developer
bikerpete	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bikezealot	weblets	1	Project Manager
bikezealot	back-end	0	Developer
bikezealot	forumdb	0	Developer
bikezealot	ccgpc	0	Developer
bikingduck	lnsk	1	All-Hands Person
bikingduck	lymric	0	Tester
bikko	core	0	Developer
bikmak	edenreturns	1	No specific role
bikr	gx-wx-inst	1	No specific role
bikram99	haatbazar	1	No specific role
bikram_gill	miracleworks	0	Developer
bikram_gill	gamebench	1	No specific role
bikram_gill	g-edit	1	No specific role
bikram_gill	black	1	No specific role
biks	persistentlib	1	No specific role
bilal1984	wikitech	0	Doc Writer
bilalinorbit	ftsgamingdev	0	Doc Writer
bilalinorbit	dayon	1	Project Manager
bilalinorbit	gl-117	0	Developer
bilalslayki	j2ee4all	0	Developer
bilalslayki	qlor	0	Developer
bilaribilari	jmp3splitter	1	No specific role
bilboed	gnonlin	1	Project Manager
bilboed	pitivi	1	Project Manager
bilboed	gaim-netsoul	1	Project Manager
bilboed	farsight	0	Developer
bilbometal	chain	0	Developer
bilboq	pdfedit	1	Developer
bilboq	smartbee	0	Developer
bilbothehobbit	n5510lam	1	No specific role
bilbothehobbit	multirenametool	1	No specific role
bilby10	journe	1	No specific role
bilcos90	yamele	1	No specific role
bild	muddyjoe	1	No specific role
bild	opensymphero	1	No specific role
bilderbikkel	shark-project	0	Developer
bildsoft_osdep	dotnetcal	1	No specific role
bildstein	free-go	1	No specific role
bildzeitung	ncralogger	1	No specific role
bile	tame	1	No specific role
bileduct	blackcow	1	All-Hands Person
bileduct	openhomer	1	No specific role
biliana	labelme	0	Developer
bilias	fameye	1	No specific role
bilibao	kssh	1	No specific role
bilickiv	l2discover	1	No specific role
bilickiv	lanstore	1	Project Manager
bilickiv	nn4j	1	No specific role
bilickiv	vico	1	No specific role
bilickiv	mibcenter	1	No specific role
bilickiv	netspotter	1	Developer
bill-futurefd	nimspro	1	Project Manager
bill-hughes	exchange4linux	1	Project Manager
bill10us	decodificador	0	Developer
bill67455	hogs	0	Developer
billabongpro	erbcalculator	1	No specific role
billahome	jtombstone	1	Project Manager
billarms	file-trans-gui	1	No specific role
billatbloo	bloo	1	No specific role
billatq	gaim	0	Developer
billbell	cancenswork	1	No specific role
billberggren	phpcad	1	No specific role
billberggren	phptax	1	No specific role
billbest	sova-dev	1	No specific role
billbest	soma-dev	1	Project Manager
billbest	jakka	1	No specific role
billbirch	reflisp	1	No specific role
billbirch	genyris	1	No specific role
billboulden	opensas	0	Developer
billbrody	blui	0	Developer
billc2001	wilbur	1	No specific role
billcheng	tgif	1	No specific role
billchiu	dlife	1	No specific role
billconan	assortedwidgets	1	No specific role
billcow	gravcave	1	No specific role
billcow	rockswap	1	No specific role
billdar	amigaone-linux	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
billdiehls	gbaxport	0	Project Manager
billdo	kx509	1	All-Hands Person
billdo	kpkcs11	1	All-Hands Person
billdoornz	pythianproject	0	No specific role
bille	openportal	1	Developer
bille2	petite	1	No specific role
bille2	bubblenet	1	Unix Admin
billebert	m-d-m-asp	1	No specific role
billen	openbroad	1	No specific role
billen	wicket	0	Developer
billen	wicket-stuff	1	Developer
billen	jenealogy	1	No specific role
billevans	mvserver	0	Developer
billewis	omniscient	1	Developer
billfarty	wikidebate	0	No specific role
billford	snortadmin	1	No specific role
billfraser	codewiseblog	1	No specific role
billfraser	openboard	1	No specific role
billg	tourk	1	No specific role
billgates	dodge2002	0	Unix Admin
billgates	alphabetter	0	No specific role
billgatesjunior	bot-msn	0	Developer
billglick	grouporg	0	Developer
billgreenjr	baldrick	1	Developer
billharrelson	cs-wizard	0	No specific role
billharrison	cme	0	Developer
billhawes	nhibernate	0	Developer
billhodges	clallserial	1	No specific role
billhorsman	proxool	1	No specific role
billhuey	vmac	1	No specific role
billhuey	mmlinux	1	No specific role
billi25	kossim	1	No specific role
billiamr	rulib	0	No specific role
billian	wow-combatlog	1	No specific role
billiberserker	sharpe	1	Developer
billiejoex	pypk	1	No specific role
billiejoex	pyftpdlib	1	No specific role
billiejoex	soicmp	1	No specific role
billing-os	bios	1	No specific role
billingd	maxima	0	Developer
billiob	amsn	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
billitch	patchwork13	1	Project Manager
billjeffries	tinyos	0	No specific role
billjive	opensymphony	0	Developer
billjonesjr	duknetframework	0	Developer
billkamp	nclip	1	No specific role
billl	ogmrip	1	Developer
billl	vamps-tools	1	Project Manager
billlion	eidors3d	1	No specific role
billlion	eidors	1	No specific role
billlund	empscheduler	1	Project Manager
billlund	tasklist	1	No specific role
billmaas	mfsmount	1	No specific role
billmain	show-timer	1	No specific role
billmair	jprogect	1	All-Hands Person
billmair	jpdb	1	No specific role
billmartin	galileorenderer	0	No specific role
billme	floatingpoint	1	No specific role
billmenger	javaseis	0	Developer
billnapier	starstools	1	No specific role
billnapier	deveject	1	No specific role
billndotnet	conduit	1	Developer
billp	plnet	1	No specific role
billp	utplsql	0	No specific role
billpage	collective	0	Developer
billpage	axiom	1	Developer
billphelps	cigi	1	Project Manager
billquam	feingold08	0	Developer
billrandolph	filemirror	1	No specific role
billrandolph	planit	1	No specific role
billrandolph	vista3d	1	No specific role
billreh	unct	1	Developer
billreh	antsvntask	1	No specific role
billrich	filecount	1	All-Hands Person
billrich	g11ntoolkit	1	All-Hands Person
billrobo	mylivecd	1	Project Manager
billroman	bpowerd	0	Developer
bills	icqlib	1	Project Manager
bills	kicq	1	Project Manager
bills-web	biur	1	No specific role
bills-web	phpcms	0	Developer
billsmart	wurde	0	Project Manager
billthefish	ldrawpov	1	No specific role
billthefish	lddp	1	Project Manager
billthefish	lsynth	1	Project Manager
billthefish	lpub	1	No specific role
billthies	tek	1	No specific role
billus	marvel	0	No specific role
billw2	pcb	0	Developer
billwaller	brt	1	No specific role
billward	blosxom	0	No specific role
billward	clubdb	1	No specific role
billward	barcode-code128	1	No specific role
billward	toetag	1	No specific role
billward	number-format	1	No specific role
billwhite	tukseo	1	No specific role
billwhite	glide	1	No specific role
billwiley	saturntools	1	Developer
billwiley	pv2devkit	1	Project Manager
billwong	bwosdk	1	No specific role
billwscott	openrico	1	No specific role
billy	edit-x	1	Editorial/Content Writer
billy16	religious	0	Developer
billy465	sharpbot	0	No specific role
billyabbott	milkchurn	1	Doc Writer
billyanderson	rts2	1	Project Manager
billybobjimboy	shrimp	1	No specific role
billybobjimboy	aqsis	0	Developer
billycharvet	panda-linux	1	No specific role
billycub	ifp-gnome	1	No specific role
billycyber	directaid	1	No specific role
billydonahue	nfcchat	0	No specific role
billyenglish	vitalsignmanage	1	No specific role
billyfish	jchempaint	0	Developer
billyfish	inchi	0	No specific role
billyfish	cml	1	Developer
billyfish	cdk	0	Developer
billyg	ijsql	1	No specific role
billyg6905	bggb	1	All-Hands Person
billygoto	pconman	1	No specific role
billyjoeray	worldforge	0	No specific role
billyjoeray	lnolinux2	0	No specific role
billyk	netjuke	0	Developer
billyoconnor	bakery	0	Developer
billyoconnor	gcm	0	No specific role
billypchan	bigtwo-palmos	1	No specific role
billyporcu	vcg	0	Developer
billysara	syscron	1	No specific role
billysbar	tuxprint-com	1	No specific role
billysbar	filerename	1	No specific role
billysbar	filtersorttable	1	No specific role
billysbar	easyprint	1	No specific role
billyv	drakecms	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
billy_	tetracube	1	No specific role
billy_bullock	coppermine	0	Support Manager
billy_feng	starws	1	No specific role
billy_mtce	mtce	1	No specific role
billzeller	mytunes4windows	1	No specific role
billzeller	bignumber	1	No specific role
billzeller	zempt	1	Developer
billzwicky	bldgcomposer	0	Developer
billzwicky	jsynthlib	0	Developer
billzwicky	javakeepass	1	No specific role
bill_au	mysqlfs	0	No specific role
bill_baroud	evolutron	1	Developer
bill_clementson	cl-cookbook	0	Editorial/Content Writer
bill_clementson	ilisp	0	Developer
bill_goldsmith	freeradio	0	Developer
bill_huanghbzz	oyster-emis	1	No specific role
bill_ingram	echodep	0	Developer
bill_kempf	boost	0	Developer
bill_littlejohn	dialect	0	Doc Writer
bill_long	trilonis-mc	1	Project Manager
bill_morris	lcars24	1	No specific role
bill_paxton	mesa	1	All-Hands Person
bill_phillips	bracket-tracker	0	Developer
bill_xusheng	eviewbox	0	No specific role
biloti	ool	1	Developer
biloti	artsystem	1	No specific role
biloubi	damocles	1	Developer
bilson	chilenux	1	All-Hands Person
bilthon	nikut	0	Developer
biluta	phpdcstats	1	No specific role
bilyak	npss	0	Developer
bilyeu13	ouoss	0	Developer
bilygates	unicraft	0	Developer
bilygates	matrix1	1	No specific role
bilyush	jrapid	1	No specific role
bilzmoude	rtai-uml	1	No specific role
bimai	yacr	1	Project Manager
bimalshah1	thinkingcap	1	No specific role
bimat	openbravo	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bimblewooooo	ai-standards	0	Developer
bimcio	logui	0	Developer
biminator	jopt	0	Developer
bimispro	keepass	0	No specific role
bimispro	aistockbot	0	Developer
bimminger	dbc-utilities	0	Developer
bimminger	sbcc	1	No specific role
bin-doph	et-stats	1	No specific role
binah	dragon-feather	1	Project Manager
binampatel	ctools	0	Developer
binan	microbrowser	1	Developer
binand	httptype	0	Developer
binand	transconnect	1	No specific role
binapowers	last-online	1	Project Manager
binapowers	fmmorpg	1	Project Manager
binar10	php-clamavlib	1	No specific role
binary1101	bloodshed	1	No specific role
binary1230	piratesvsninjas	1	Project Manager
binary1230	hgengine	0	No specific role
binary1230	openlynks	1	No specific role
binaryape	binary-ape	1	No specific role
binaryape	hippodev	1	No specific role
binaryc	ircex	1	Project Manager
binarycleric	jonsphpmodules	1	No specific role
binarycode	xpweb	0	Developer
binarycortex	fixvirii	1	No specific role
binarydreams	dubman	1	No specific role
binaryfeed	spinnything	0	Distributor/Promoter
binaryfeed	aquarium	0	Developer
binarygod	gijbman	0	No specific role
binarygod	zealos	0	Doc Writer
binaryjono	gaim-rhythmbox	1	No specific role
binaryloop	ostunes	1	Developer
binaryloop	lindows-doc	1	Developer
binaryloop	libipod	1	All-Hands Person
binaryman	fvs	1	Developer
binaryman	splintpp	1	All-Hands Person
binarymonk	middlegen	0	Developer
binarypickle	etextreader	0	No specific role
binaryvision	simplejax	1	No specific role
binaryx	reallysimplecms	1	Developer
binary_art	phpsitecore	1	No specific role
binary_artiste	scbbs	0	No specific role
binary_shminary	cocoapaint	1	No specific role
binary_w0lf	cl-matrix	1	No specific role
binary_w0lf	ciamos	0	Developer
binary_w0lf	dmix	1	No specific role
binaur	openisl	1	Project Manager
binbrain	seahorse	0	Web Designer
binchen1007	bluewonder	0	Doc Writer
bindiff	openbindiff	1	No specific role
binduck	ksb	1	No specific role
binduck	cvtsa	1	No specific role
binduck	phpspellbook	1	No specific role
binduck	peephole	1	Developer
biner	vcw	1	No specific role
biner	codelibrary	1	No specific role
biner	jdcms	0	Web Designer
binerman	openmedias	1	Project Manager
binerman	parchive2	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
binerman	parchive	1	Web Designer
bineshb	yasudokusolver	1	No specific role
bineshb	libmlp	1	No specific role
binetr_s	gdreamweb	0	Developer
binetude	tinyos	0	No specific role
bingalls	emacro	1	Developer
bingbingwang	aspipe	1	No specific role
bingel	nagiostat	1	All-Hands Person
bingeldac	ntfm	0	Developer
binggerg	qknowledge	0	No specific role
bingjiw	yhxq-webhosting	1	No specific role
bingjiw	cplayc	1	No specific role
bingjiw_gmail	cplayc	0	Developer
bingoboy	neighbor	0	Tester
bingoskid	mousetrap	1	No specific role
bingosnet	poe	0	Developer
bingram	scriptlauncher	1	No specific role
bingt	hostmanagement	0	Developer
bingzhu88	tcpradar	0	No specific role
binhanson	vietpali	1	Developer
binhnguyen	speechsuite	1	No specific role
binhnv	vysa-cms	0	No specific role
binhvu	mainpyrus	0	Developer
binh_nguyen	imm-dark	1	No specific role
biniam	fireflare	0	Developer
binil	infrared	1	All-Hands Person
binkert	m5sim	1	Developer
binkley	wisk	1	No specific role
binkley	jxul2	1	No specific role
binkley	jaggregate	0	Developer
binkley	smoothmetal	1	Developer
binkley	pyccmath	1	No specific role
binks2001	kolmelwin	1	No specific role
binnicario	simplc	1	Developer
binny	slaktool	1	No specific role
binny	javasysinfo	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
binnyavasthi	mime	1	No specific role
binnyavasthi	xppm	1	No specific role
binnyavasthi	wbxml	1	No specific role
binnyavasthi	reqman	1	No specific role
binnyavasthi	disretman	1	No specific role
binnyp	wicker	0	Developer
binnyva	bdir	1	No specific role
binnyva	nexty	1	No specific role
binome	vod-k	1	Project Manager
binomio_karmesi	emulephoenix	0	Support Manager
binomix	squidg-yast	1	No specific role
binosi	jaxodraw	0	Developer
binoyed	shtmleffect	1	No specific role
binoyed	sedochlp	1	No specific role
binoykunhi	wild-cards	1	No specific role
binsurf	cgibasic	1	No specific role
bintalal	masterrenamer	1	Project Manager
binumathew1974	side4u	1	Developer
binumathew1974	swat4u	1	No specific role
binu_paul	simpleaim	0	Developer
binx_osx	azflashstats	1	No specific role
binyan	jiraext	1	No specific role
binzen	kasws	0	No specific role
binzgi	x3lanobserver	1	Developer
binzy	sqliteclient	1	No specific role
binzywu	exceedframework	1	No specific role
bin_200	gbadev	1	No specific role
bin_200	pyasm	1	No specific role
bin_tricom	adatoccpp	0	Developer
bio3k	legobsd	1	No specific role
bio3k	nping	1	No specific role
bio3k	frenzy	1	No specific role
bio7	bio7	1	No specific role
bio74	osd	1	No specific role
bio74	pdxhak	1	No specific role
bio74	libinterbase	1	No specific role
bio74	gulp	1	No specific role
bio74	cxxbits	1	No specific role
biobuild	biopackages	0	Developer
biochimia	spirit	1	Developer
biochimia	boost-sandbox	0	Developer
biochimia	boost	0	Developer
biocomp	paleo	0	Project Manager
biodave	engardedueler	1	Developer
biodave	duneengarde	1	No specific role
biodigitzman_2	bioupdates	1	No specific role
biodome	hexxpipes	1	Developer
bioe-hubert	armpit	1	No specific role
biofisikx	mcring	1	No specific role
biofotis	mbm-saver	1	No specific role
biofotis	powero	1	No specific role
biofotis	simpleocr	1	No specific role
biohaxard	mics	0	Developer
biohuang	biotcl	1	No specific role
bioinfo57	bioinformatics	1	No specific role
biol75	wxhatch	1	No specific role
biol75	wxwindows	0	Developer
biolit	bazaar	1	No specific role
biolizard89	bitweaver	0	No specific role
biom	miranda-icq	0	Developer
biomai	flashhouse	1	No specific role
bionicllama	hm4	0	No specific role
bionik	blasteroids3d	0	Graphic/Other Designer
bionix	lanadmin	0	Developer
bionix	partybeamer	1	No specific role
bionix	openems	0	Developer
bionomic	fluxor	0	No specific role
biop0b	eumex	1	Project Manager
biop0b	ringd	1	All-Hands Person
biopsy	fate	0	Developer
biork	mjukebox	1	No specific role
biorn_steedom	mx4j	0	Developer
biorn_steedom	foxtrot	0	Developer
biorn_steedom	openjmx	1	Project Manager
biosdk	bioscrypt-sdk	1	Project Manager
bioskey	orbas	0	Developer
bioskop	kaa-editor	1	No specific role
bioslayer_	openaldotnet	1	No specific role
bioslayer_	sc2-remake	1	No specific role
bioslayer_	physics2d	1	No specific role
biosoftwaremx	midwmx	1	No specific role
biostr	x-batch	1	No specific role
biot	gqclient	1	Developer
biotelerock	gata	1	No specific role
biotropy	biopod	1	No specific role
biotxc	tremx	1	No specific role
biovenger	valkyrias	1	No specific role
bioz	php-ipbx	1	No specific role
biozero	worldsapart	1	No specific role
biozit	sistema-plus	1	No specific role
biozyme	rsspub	1	Developer
bio_hazard	slsk	1	Developer
biped	sigel	0	Developer
bipinc	gods	0	Developer
bipinpaulbedi	gobox	1	All-Hands Person
bipinv	slocdotnet	1	All-Hands Person
bipin_kulkarni	x-dlm	0	Developer
biplabk	drowtales	0	Developer
bipross1	worktimer	1	Developer
biquard	mjpeg	0	Developer
bir	xmlworks	1	No specific role
bir91root	madchat	0	Doc Writer
bira	zeoslib	0	Developer
bira	acraft	1	No specific role
bira	agatha-pbr	1	No specific role
bira	espartacus	1	No specific role
biradarsb	imv	0	No specific role
birajdey	nokialinux	0	Developer
birakc	minihds	1	Developer
biraneto	javaarena	1	Developer
birbacher	spirit	0	Developer
bircho	indigente	0	Developer
bird705	lantrans	0	Tester
bird705	plutostatus	0	Doc Writer
bird705	plutoweb	0	Doc Writer
bird705	fzclass	0	Tester
birdeeoh	openlayer	0	No specific role
birdgu	imonframe	1	Project Manager
birdieb	newsharvester	1	No specific role
birdieb	robotester	0	Developer
birdiez	unitmm	1	No specific role
birdman68	baghira	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
birdscurrybeer	jhotdraw	0	Developer
birdscurrybeer	xmen	0	Developer
birdseedmusic	xoops	0	Developer
birdseedmusic	webmusic	1	No specific role
birdsinging	xampp	1	Developer
birdssoft	jdbcrmiext	1	No specific role
birdy57	pengaol	1	Project Manager
bird_man	saskatoon	0	Developer
bird_owl	obec	0	No specific role
birge	gnumex	1	Project Manager
birgereriksson	learnloop	1	Project Manager
birgereriksson	nextloop	1	No specific role
birgit8000	jdistribution	0	Developer
birgita	westhawksnmp	1	Developer
birgitmitterer	tasktlogger	0	Developer
birgit_d	w4-workgroups	0	Developer
birkeh	winmediacenter	1	No specific role
birkelund	firetrap	1	No specific role
birkland	mptstore	1	Developer
birkler	winlirc	0	Developer
birkmit	jmel	0	Developer
birkovskiy	openejforum	1	No specific role
birme	multisync	0	Developer
birme	dxr3	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
birne4	hill-profiler	0	Developer
birnfeld	theopenengine	1	No specific role
birosp	pixel-team	1	Developer
birras	openbmi	1	No specific role
birritan	pieb4se	1	Graphic/Other Designer
birte	aclocator	0	Developer
birtelue	core-52n	0	Developer
birtelue	incubator-52n	0	Developer
birtwell	mlabtismodel	0	Developer
biruh	amharicos	1	No specific role
birukou	implicitculture	1	Project Manager
bisana	gpsnavsys	0	Developer
bisanthe	projectgenesis	0	No specific role
bisanthe	treeform	0	Developer
bisbikis	sde-tech	0	Developer
bisbirubito	canton	1	No specific role
bischofb	dotnetopensrc	0	Developer
biscon	devilsprey	1	No specific role
biscuit_man	yearneo3102	0	All-Hands Person
biserov	freereport	1	No specific role
biserov	lmb	1	No specific role
bisguard	bisdk-ee	1	No specific role
bisguard	bisdk	1	No specific role
bish128	roffice	0	Developer
bishi	sugar	1	No specific role
bishit	iboard	0	Developer
bishman	tikkanen	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bishman_2004	n-orca	0	Developer
bisho2000	sphinxoskernel	1	No specific role
bishop81	dirlister	1	No specific role
bishopw	teamforge	1	No specific role
bishr	gemini	0	No specific role
bisiek	kooldock	1	No specific role
bisio	haploware	1	No specific role
bismarck_sierra	ventas	1	Project Manager
bismarck_sierra	calculadora	1	No specific role
bismarkjoe	mysql-cpp	1	No specific role
bismut	ydm	1	No specific role
biso	splattforum	0	Tester
bisonbison	handconverter	1	No specific role
bisont	netmagic	0	Web Designer
bissi	thinglink	0	No specific role
bissi	weta	0	Developer
bisswanger	winstb	1	All-Hands Person
bisswanger	smtpauth	1	No specific role
bisswanger	delphi-ftp	1	No specific role
biste	nullabletypes	0	Developer
bistr-o-math	nvram-wakeup	1	All-Hands Person
bistro79	brrs	1	No specific role
bisupport	alphaminer	1	No specific role
biswajit_paul	libpdec	1	No specific role
biswajoy	thinningalgo	1	No specific role
biswapesh	tagmanager	1	No specific role
biswapesh	sourcebase	1	No specific role
biswapesh	anjuta	0	Project Manager
biswaroop	load-balancing	1	No specific role
bis_support	bidprent-is	1	No specific role
bit-a	c4-nla	1	No specific role
bit-man	amail	1	All-Hands Person
bit-man	answerd	1	No specific role
bit-man	trex	1	No specific role
bit-man	pmlibrary	0	Developer
bit-shifter	phpwildfire	0	Developer
bit5blog	bit5blog	1	No specific role
bitacora	onebitacora	1	No specific role
bitagest	bitagest	1	No specific role
bitarch	antprettybuild	1	No specific role
bitbandit	zcmenu	1	No specific role
bitbiz	aidear	0	Developer
bitblaster	onlinerpg	1	No specific role
bitblaster	projectxi	0	Developer
bitblaster	popsys	1	No specific role
bitblaster	gwbot	1	No specific role
bitblaster	runescape-emu	1	No specific role
bitblitt	webcade	1	No specific role
bitboulder	ec-laby	1	Project Manager
bitboulder	eclaby	1	No specific role
bitbow	bitgest	1	No specific role
bitbreaker_voz	c64net	1	Developer
bitbrk	opencommerce	0	Project Manager
bitbrk	ipchainslog	0	Developer
bitbrunch	eclipselucene	1	No specific role
bitbytebit	ivtv	0	Developer
bitbytebit	blackholespam	1	Developer
bitchard	bugrdspace	0	Graphic/Other Designer
bitdance	flickrfs	0	Developer
bitdumpx	bitdumpx	1	No specific role
bitek	xsm	1	No specific role
bitelligence	lacl	1	Developer
bitetti	avatarmakerbr	1	No specific role
bitflow	clallserial	1	Developer
bitfuskeren	orpheon	0	Developer
bitfuzzy	faqadmin	1	No specific role
bitgod	zedgame	1	Developer
bithedz	biax	1	No specific role
bitherder	hotspot-connect	1	Project Manager
bithexe	win-bash	1	Developer
bithub	birc	1	No specific role
bithub	bircwindow	1	No specific role
biti1234	jdirlist	1	No specific role
bitiboy	jocket	1	No specific role
bitiboy	jingle-forum	1	No specific role
bitiboy	acai	1	No specific role
bitiboy	xmlucene	1	No specific role
bitiboy	cnjug	1	No specific role
bitick	bloodyjc	0	No specific role
bitifirefly	insearch	1	No specific role
bitjam	linklint	1	No specific role
bitkis	cppserv	0	Developer
bitmachines	netpath	1	No specific role
bitmaker	aimedsp	1	No specific role
bitmaker	aime-lib	0	No specific role
bitman	kevedit	0	No specific role
bitman	tgeg	1	Project Manager
bitman82	universibo	0	No specific role
bitman82	myupdater	1	No specific role
bitmap	ciamos	0	Developer
bitmap	we-skey	1	No specific role
bitmeizer	webbits	1	No specific role
bitminer	openledger	0	Developer
bitmonkie	esig	1	No specific role
bitmonkie	gpgroxy	1	No specific role
bitmonster	eventghost	1	No specific role
bitmuncher	bitmailer	1	Project Manager
bitmuncher	pswatch	1	Developer
bitnapper	fsc	1	Project Manager
bitnapper	egoboo	1	Project Manager
bitnapper	sdlgl	1	No specific role
bitnapper	jad	1	Project Manager
bitnbyte	shmap	1	Developer
bitnissen	bazen-jukebox	1	No specific role
bitnius	vb6tomyxaml	1	No specific role
bitocampo	organizer-media	1	No specific role
bitocampo	azkaban	1	No specific role
bitor	tpox	0	Developer
bitor	whazaa	0	Developer
bitos	pnc	1	No specific role
bitouilleur	tukseo	0	No specific role
bitpack	bitpack	1	Developer
bitplane	irrlicht	0	Unix Admin
bitplane	irrlichteroids	1	Developer
bitpoet	corina	1	No specific role
bitracer	craptacular	1	No specific role
bitrain	lmsys	1	Developer
bitranch	collective	0	Developer
bitranch	plone	0	Developer
bitranch	archetypes	0	Developer
bitshift2002	neo-psx	1	No specific role
bitshift2002	themanaworld	0	Developer
bitshift2002	ps2dxa	1	Developer
bitshifter	hbp	0	Developer
bitshine	xcart	1	Developer
bitslap	castellanarcher	1	No specific role
bitslap	castellansentry	1	No specific role
bitslasher	indispensable	1	No specific role
bitsmaker	win32gui	0	Developer
bitsmart	aid	1	Project Manager
bitsofreality	makumba	0	Developer
bitsourcerer	gtlt	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bitstech	btsbits15	1	No specific role
bitsurfr2000	irvine	1	No specific role
bitsurge	bitsurge	1	No specific role
bittenfly	penrose	0	Doc Writer
bittercoder	viewthrough	1	Developer
bitternsoft	naquela	1	No specific role
bitterpot	eval-server	1	No specific role
bitterstorm	gistoolkit	1	No specific role
bitter_swt	vimcdoc	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bittorf	weimarnetz-fw	0	Developer
bittrail	daframework	1	No specific role
bitvision	jexecutor	1	No specific role
bitwacker	sokosolve	1	Developer
bitwalk	tcl	0	Developer
bitwalk	tktoolkit	0	Developer
bitwalk	tiny-cobol	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
bitwalk	gnocl	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
bitwalk	cobol	0	Developer
bitweaver	bitweaver	0	No specific role
bitwise-admin	york-bitwise	1	No specific role
bitwiseop	anim8ortoolkit	0	Developer
bitwit	kmayan	1	No specific role
bitwit	glmayan	1	Developer
bit_bot	contelligent	0	Developer
bit_hunter	frugalware	0	Developer
bit_runner	xulander	1	No specific role
bivaughn	ijournal	0	Developer
biwillia76	wxcode	0	Developer
biwillia76	wxwindows	0	No specific role
bixbvd	bvdphoto	1	No specific role
biza	collective	0	Developer
bizarch	zencart-jp	0	Developer
bizb	mug	0	Developer
bizb	rssbot	1	No specific role
bizb	poe	0	Developer
bizer	dbpedia	1	Unix Admin
bizer	d2rq-map	1	No specific role
bizer	d2r-map	1	Unix Admin
bizer	rdfapi-php	1	Project Manager
bizer	ng4j	1	No specific role
bizfish	nwbintools	1	No specific role
bizfish	nwnettools	1	No specific role
bizfish	nwpedit	1	No specific role
bizfish	nwpp	1	No specific role
bizfish	nwcc	1	No specific role
bizfish	nwshlib	1	No specific role
bizfish	nwirc	1	No specific role
bizkid	estudy	0	Developer
bizkit81	zososoft	0	Developer
bizmate	pbxmanager	1	No specific role
bizmut	kdei18n-pl	0	Developer
bizna	grisbi	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
biznw	smartynomicon	1	No specific role
biznw	rus-virtuemart	0	Developer
bizon153	perfprof	1	No specific role
bizon153	phpexcelreader	1	No specific role
bizzach	jperson	1	No specific role
bizzar528	servnetcontrol	1	Project Manager
bizzar528	watchtower	1	No specific role
bizzar528	phpport-monitor	1	No specific role
bizzeh	wasabiplayer	1	Developer
bizzeh	dchpp	1	No specific role
bizzysurfer007	tkcommander	0	Tester
bi_liang	geovistastudio	0	Developer
bj0ern	threedeenutz	1	No specific role
bj0ern	xreal	0	Developer
bja	gangup	1	Developer
bja	numpack	1	No specific role
bja	libwiimote	1	No specific role
bjacint	tunequeue	1	Developer
bjacobt	testconductor	0	Developer
bjacobt	devoybb	0	Developer
bjacobt	limim	0	Developer
bjaglin	sweprepchecker	1	Developer
bjamali	bjtag	1	No specific role
bjamali	epcis	1	No specific role
bjan2	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
bjanaszek	qwn	0	Developer
bjandrews	rherp	0	Developer
bjankowska	mitl	1	No specific role
bjarke_brandt	dynpageplus	0	No specific role
bjarkih	importal	1	Developer
bjarnic	openttd	0	Developer
bjartem	bark	1	No specific role
bjartman	thrashblog	1	No specific role
bjason	deltamud	1	No specific role
bjaspan	voicecode	0	Developer
bjasspa	virtuawin	0	Developer
bjatin	slickdeploy	1	All-Hands Person
bjavia	fat	0	Developer
bjayaram	bpedit	1	Project Manager
bjbrew	ci-linux	1	Developer
bjbrew	ssic-linux	1	Developer
bjchrist	wxcocoadialog	1	No specific role
bjcosta	edoc	1	No specific role
bjcraft	bjlib	1	No specific role
bjdean	env	1	No specific role
bjdick	prestar	1	Developer
bje990	sencilla	0	Developer
bjeanes	macxampp	1	No specific role
bjemni	satineproject	0	Developer
bjepson	dbix-tree	1	Project Manager
bjepson	tinysql	1	Project Manager
bjepson	jb2csharp	0	Developer
bjepson	jsyntax	1	No specific role
bjerkeli	spif	0	Developer
bjerngaard	bfat	1	No specific role
bjernstad	pympc	1	No specific role
bjerre	symbianoggplay	0	Developer
bjf	marcus	1	No specific role
bjfreeman	pklite	0	Developer
bjfreeman	eclipsecorba	0	Developer
bjfreeman	smtpfilter	0	Developer
bjfreeman	ofbizaddons	1	No specific role
bjfreeman	genreportwriter	1	No specific role
bjg215	thonims	1	Project Manager
bjh	jdhcpd	1	No specific role
bjhansen	sanos	1	No specific role
bjhindman	onewirepd	1	Developer
bjhonermann	geigernews	1	No specific role
bjh_ger	flupp	0	Developer
bji	nasm	0	No specific role
bjj	lambdamoo	1	No specific role
bjj	singleshot	0	Developer
bjj1478	odysseyengine	1	Developer
bjj1478	visualogrecore	1	Developer
bjj1478	caelum	0	No specific role
bjk76	achat	0	DBA (Database Administrator)
bjkim	kldev	1	No specific role
bjkro	musicbrainz	0	Developer
bjlled	jmbtagger	0	Developer
bjlockie	arson	1	No specific role
bjm	baseballsim	0	Developer
bjm	nuffle	0	All-Hands Person
bjma	sketchbook	1	Developer
bjmason	tivo-thud	1	No specific role
bjmccue	swingdaver	1	No specific role
bjmedia	gammacore	1	No specific role
bjmg	phpcms-nextgen	1	Project Manager
bjoben	j-wings	0	Developer
bjoern	opframeworks	1	No specific role
bjoern	opmservices	0	Developer
bjoern	ginko	0	Developer
bjoern-eschrich	usbcryptodriver	1	Project Manager
bjoernb	catdvi	1	All-Hands Person
bjoernbg	cardsword	1	No specific role
bjoerne	usbcryptodriver	1	Unix Admin
bjoernh	unicore	1	Developer
bjoernko	easytomcat	1	No specific role
bjoernkrollner	sanssouci	0	Developer
bjoernlohrmann	rpc-admin	1	Project Manager
bjoernp	docutils	0	Developer
bjoerns	zopeasia	1	All-Hands Person
bjoerns	collective	0	Developer
bjoernsc	catnets	0	Developer
bjoernsc	bibtoonto	1	Developer
bjoernweigand	cell	1	No specific role
bjoernwilken	dotplot	0	Developer
bjoernwuest	ucef	1	Project Manager
bjoern_ganster	archiveaccess	0	No specific role
bjoern_heuser	mapbender	1	Developer
bjoern_klimpel	opensshwin32	1	No specific role
bjoern_s	lucid	1	Developer
bjoern_stahl	strategywiki	0	Developer
bjoha	tsbk05-minigolf	1	Project Manager
bjohanso	minivnc	1	No specific role
bjohanso	iros	1	Developer
bjohnson	eopms	1	No specific role
bjohnson05	xmlpipedb	0	Developer
bjohnsonwsu	pylibneural	0	Doc Writer
bjoli141	infonode	1	Project Manager
bjorgensen	opensitesearch	1	All-Hands Person
bjorgvinf	nwatoolset	1	Developer
bjorklen	itomes	1	No specific role
bjorklof	rpmwiz	1	Project Manager
bjornadolfsson	lydian	0	Developer
bjorney	mejl	1	Project Manager
bjorney	rejs	1	No specific role
bjorng	jungerl	1	No specific role
bjorng	wings	1	Project Manager
bjorng	wxerlang	0	Developer
bjorng	erlgtk	1	Developer
bjorng	esdl	1	Developer
bjorngranvik	ddsteps	1	Developer
bjornhuijbregts	sippyphone	0	No specific role
bjornjohansson	manga	1	Developer
bjornlun	contentm	0	Developer
bjornmartensson	mavenhistorical	1	No specific role
bjornmartensson	rcpapps	0	Developer
bjornredemption	athenetool	1	No specific role
bjornruberg	munin	1	Developer
bjornseth	php-guestlist	0	Developer
bjornthe	discretizer	1	No specific role
bjornthebug	gsv05	1	Developer
bjorntj	gtkpod	0	Tester
bjornts	pam-cifs	0	No specific role
bjornvf	tos	0	Developer
bjorn_flotten	baia	1	No specific role
bjorn_helgaas	freediag	0	Developer
bjorn_hildahl	moblets	0	Developer
bjorn_karlsson	boost-sandbox	0	Developer
bjorn_karlsson	boost	0	Developer
bjorn_m	hessianphp	0	Developer
bjorn_mm	linbench	1	Project Manager
bjorn_redtail	faf	1	No specific role
bjorn_swift	ttg	1	Project Manager
bjorn_w	dischosting	0	Web Designer
bjorsimo	cgi-tables	1	Project Manager
bjorsq	plateman	1	Project Manager
bjovas	gcws1	1	No specific role
bjowulf	synthext	1	No specific role
bjpirt	moodle	0	Developer
bjporcella	socbuilder	0	Developer
bjrady	carabiner	1	Project Manager
bjramone	nbosd	1	Project Manager
bjrohan	emc	0	No specific role
bjr_labs	vu-meter	1	No specific role
bjsintay	sitex	1	No specific role
bjtp	lmp	1	No specific role
bjtp	jayshare	1	Developer
bjtzeng	jemikids2d	1	Unix Admin
bjtzeng	locateu	0	Developer
bju	vdr-statusleds	1	No specific role
bjuhn	knossos	1	Unix Admin
bjuler222	eig-webmanager	1	No specific role
bjuler222	genetictsp	1	No specific role
bjurefors	haggle	0	Developer
bjurg	wesifoco	1	No specific role
bjuteau	shastahub	0	Developer
bjvh	wyim	0	Developer
bjvh	jkicker	1	Project Manager
bjvo	unimacro	1	Developer
bjwbell	worldracer	1	No specific role
bjwebb	wikitree	1	Developer
bjwee	butler	0	Tester
bjweeks	pywikipediabot	0	No specific role
bjwf	ccni	1	No specific role
bjwhite66212	zdecimal	1	No specific role
bjwhitfield	drjava	0	Developer
bjwillis	datadivisions	1	No specific role
bjzhanghao	solo	1	No specific role
bj_dassow	uebman	0	Developer
bk12	kipi	1	No specific role
bk12	gwenview	1	No specific role
bk2	dwengine	0	Developer
bk211	jdx	0	Developer
bk8133	isportal07	0	No specific role
bk8133	trustidportal	0	Developer
bk8133	epublikacije	1	No specific role
bk9105	trustidportal	0	Developer
bkafka	basicportal	0	No specific role
bkail	csmaild	1	Developer
bkaindl	gl-117	0	Developer
bkaindl	vegastrike	0	Developer
bkaindl	kbuild	1	All-Hands Person
bkakes	scooby	0	No specific role
bkakes	napster4be	1	No specific role
bkalra	jmanage	0	Developer
bkalra	ipersonal	1	Developer
bkalsberg	oplot	0	Tester
bkalten	st4nk	0	Developer
bkaoserver	bkao	1	No specific role
bkapilik	luacheia	0	No specific role
bkaraban	obns	0	No specific role
bkark	compcare	0	Developer
bkaser	asbss	1	No specific role
bkaye	zedgraph	0	Developer
bkc	paradise	0	No specific role
bkc	pythonsiphon	0	Developer
bkc	pythonce	1	Project Manager
bkc	spambayes	0	Developer
bkchen	wtsa	0	Web Designer
bkclark2002	glideshow	0	Developer
bkclark2002	pimcpp	1	No specific role
bkc_alpha	bluemsx	0	Developer
bkc_alpha	cbios	0	Developer
bkc_alpha	openmsx	0	Developer
bkeating	rezound	0	Web Designer
bkeefe	ode	0	Tester
bkeeps	openhmis	1	Project Manager
bkehoe	jpodder	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
bkehoe	gperf	1	Project Manager
bkeil	mybad	1	No specific role
bkejser	sqdeskplugins	1	No specific role
bkenig	adminsw	1	No specific role
bkenwright	zorta	1	Developer
bkepa	bluemote	1	No specific role
bkepa	jpropedit	1	No specific role
bkerensa	xfurc	1	No specific role
bkerin	rawrec	1	No specific role
bkerin	soundgrab	1	No specific role
bkervaski	openhelpdesk	1	Project Manager
bkessels	drupal	1	No specific role
bketelsen	dotnetnukec	1	No specific role
bketkar	leo-sysgen	0	Developer
bkettle	easymod	1	Project Manager
bkettle	butterscotch	1	No specific role
bkeyes	phission	0	Developer
bkezmah	tajasynch	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bkfirebird	x-jws	0	No specific role
bkfirebird	wxbinding	1	No specific role
bkhan	concert	1	Developer
bkhan	multiresolution	1	Developer
bkhan	metal-memenc	0	Developer
bkhan	agfg	1	No specific role
bkieser	openmms	0	No specific role
bkieser	ebiness	0	No specific role
bkilian	phpix2	1	Developer
bkilian	fizzycal	1	No specific role
bking	configd	1	No specific role
bkinman	usb	1	No specific role
bkirschn	walden	1	No specific role
bkirsten	generatexls	1	No specific role
bkirsten	jlogreader	1	No specific role
bkjuho	bkjsoft	1	No specific role
bkkbrad	needtoknow	1	All-Hands Person
bklaas	tunevault	1	No specific role
bklaas	slikpiks	1	No specific role
bklawans	jasperintel	1	Project Manager
bklawans	jasperreports	1	Project Manager
bklawans	olap4j	0	No specific role
bkleinen	tinboy	1	No specific role
bkleinen	infrastructure	1	No specific role
bkleinen	prochat	1	No specific role
bklessinger	rosi	0	Analysis / Design
bkliewer	newfieq	1	No specific role
bkliewer	newfel	1	No specific role
bklock	jsynthlib	1	No specific role
bkloki	aftermath	1	Developer
bklooste	cosmos2	1	Project Manager
bklooster	smugglesim	1	No specific role
bkmacy	javaseis	0	Developer
bkmoran	likewiseopenagt	1	No specific role
bknafla	kapaga	1	No specific role
bknafla	opensteer	0	Developer
bknafla	ai-standards	0	Project Manager
bknights	mx4j	0	Developer
bknightsb	freespeech	0	Developer
bknightsb	robotflow	0	Developer
bkoblitz	s-2	0	Developer
bkocik	sybmon	0	Developer
bkoehn	jsorb	1	No specific role
bkohorst	typo3xdev	0	Developer
bkolev	ifpg	1	No specific role
bkone	etoken	1	All-Hands Person
bkonst	html2ps	1	Developer
bkoo	mitopensource	0	No specific role
bkorb	tally-vote	1	No specific role
bkorb	autogen	1	Project Manager
bkorb	ac-archive	0	Developer
bkosse	groller	1	No specific role
bkovitz	sbml	0	Developer
bkovitz	sbgn	1	No specific role
bkovitz	sbw	0	Developer
bkp	wxtlg	1	Project Manager
bkp_42	bartlett	0	Developer
bkraft	magnolia	1	Project Manager
bkraft	openwfe	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bkramer	netregadmin	1	No specific role
bkrauf	t-o-p	1	No specific role
bkrauthaker	isportal07	0	Developer
bkrauthaker	itpmr	0	Developer
bkrenz	automower	1	Developer
bkristia	files3d	1	Developer
bkryza	jpc	1	No specific role
bkryza	xai	1	No specific role
bkryza	dftps	0	Developer
bkryza	psidetektyw	1	No specific role
bkstf-dusk	zelda2d	1	Developer
bktheg	garagewars	1	Developer
bkuczens	typic	1	No specific role
bkudrle	icalscheduler	1	No specific role
bkuebler	srw	0	Developer
bkulawik	archetypes	0	Tester
bkulawik	zuccaro	1	Project Manager
bkuo	hbaapi	1	No specific role
bkuo	hbaverify	1	No specific role
bkuschak	hmeter	1	No specific role
bkuschak	skypipe	1	No specific role
bkuzmic	isportal05	0	Developer
bkv1	kissdcompanion	1	No specific role
bkveton	openpnl	0	No specific role
bkw	pureftpd	0	All-Hands Person
bkynaston	idmunit	1	Project Manager
bkyoung	countm	1	Project Manager
bkyoung	cachem	1	No specific role
bkyoung	searchm	1	Unix Admin
bl000d	firstwall	0	Developer
bl0nda	pavian	1	No specific role
bl4ck0ut	djget	1	No specific role
bl4cklight	glv	1	Developer
bl4de	netdrop	0	Developer
bl4ne	armagetronad	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bl4ne	armagetron	0	No specific role
bl4z3r	irontech	0	Developer
bla5ter	odin-project	0	Developer
blaaah	swapps	1	Project Manager
blab	monctonlug	1	No specific role
blab	gypsyproject	1	No specific role
blab	trovesendtwo	1	No specific role
blabber	jbotrace	1	No specific role
blabos	yatk	1	No specific role
blabos	wpgdb	1	No specific role
blabos	wormholeipc	0	Developer
blacey	atos	0	Analysis / Design
blacharz	kat	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
blacherez	frpython	1	No specific role
blacherez	argos	1	No specific role
blachner	frodo	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
black	osiris-nntpd	1	No specific role
black	browsecvs	1	No specific role
black	phpinfobot	1	No specific role
black-eagle	adi	0	Web Designer
black-fox	bfdarkside	1	No specific role
black-fox	labsharp	1	Developer
black-fox	t4cl	1	No specific role
black-fox	win32iam	1	Project Manager
black-hand	owasp-input-api	0	Developer
black-keyboard	ajaxtestrunner	1	No specific role
black-keyboard	davcache	1	No specific role
black-keyboard	jodconverter	1	No specific role
black-keyboard	jooreports	1	No specific role
black-shadow	jbluenet	0	Developer
black-star	msc2	1	No specific role
black123	arsfree	1	Developer
black8eagles	ksudoku	0	Developer
blackamp	fsh	1	Developer
blackancalagon	opcms	0	Developer
blackbeardicus	blackbeard	1	No specific role
blackbearnh	flatworm	1	All-Hands Person
blackbearnh	book4axis	1	No specific role
blackbeartheory	boxcount	1	Developer
blackbeartheory	corrcount	1	Developer
blackbeartheory	aurora-widget	1	No specific role
blackbeartheory	ncount	1	No specific role
blackbelt	openwire	1	No specific role
blackbelt	frostwire	0	Developer
blackbelt080	swebs	0	Web Designer
blackbird23	spyse	0	Developer
blackbird2k2	filmuplib	1	Developer
blackbird67	fhwars	1	Developer
blackbirdxxx	gtkpod	0	Web Designer
blackbirdxxx	pypoint	1	No specific role
blackbishop	osc2nukeproper	1	No specific role
blackbolt	xboxmediacenter	0	No specific role
blackbook	libsvm-net	1	No specific role
blackbook	freedatatable	1	Project Manager
blackbox_er	rovasszerkeszto	1	No specific role
blackbsd	easyeclipse	0	Developer
blackbunny	phpfileman-0-1	1	No specific role
blackburst	melies	1	Project Manager
blackburst	k3d	0	Developer
blackburst3d	blackburst3d	1	No specific role
blackbytes	phpmss	1	No specific role
blackc2004	cfmx-timesheet	1	No specific role
blackcat83	yapadmin	1	No specific role
blackchii	distwb	0	No specific role
blackchii	unigelaber	0	Developer
blackcuilin	moksha	1	No specific role
blackdeath_csmc	mcnosi	1	Project Manager
blackdeath_csmc	xdonations	1	No specific role
blackdeath_csmc	xoops	0	Developer
blackdeath_csmc	xoops2be	1	Project Manager
blackdeath_csmc	nukeported	1	No specific role
blackdemon	phpcddatabase	1	No specific role
blackdemon411	tno	1	Developer
blackdes	crash	1	Developer
blackdestiny	jmp	1	No specific role
blackdestiny	minintry	1	Project Manager
blackdew	npk-mle	0	Developer
blackdew	op-crypt	1	No specific role
blackdiamond	javajoystick	1	Project Manager
blackdolphin	quilombo	1	Developer
blackdrag	eternalworld	1	No specific role
blackdrag	japt	1	No specific role
blackdrake	popper	0	Developer
blackend	backvnc	1	No specific role
blackenedsoul	vplan	1	No specific role
blackeyes	freenet	0	Web Designer
blackfich	pultima4	1	All-Hands Person
blackfil	elan-pixmanager	1	Project Manager
blackforce	eksi	1	No specific role
blackfx	swiftfxp	1	No specific role
blackh	rohc	0	No specific role
blackh	i740fb2	1	No specific role
blackh	grapevine	1	Project Manager
blackh	irate	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
blackhammer	ouoss	0	Developer
blackhat	labeler	1	No specific role
blackhawk	eraofthetycoon	0	Developer
blackhc	nexuiz	1	Developer
blackhc	zymotic	0	Developer
blackhc	omage-osp	1	No specific role
blackhedd	ruby-net-ldap	1	No specific role
blackhex	soterrain	1	No specific role
blackhole-it	wwwroot	1	Project Manager
blackhole-it	eimsms	0	Developer
blackhole12	descent4	0	No specific role
blackhole12	openlancer	1	Developer
blackhorus	cleanhandler	1	No specific role
blackhorus	cworkshop	1	Developer
blackhorus	totemstudio	1	No specific role
blackicebird	dcms	1	Project Manager
blackie_s	ya-medialibrary	1	No specific role
blackie_s	phobosengine	1	No specific role
blacking	orfeo	1	Unix Admin
blacking	kububu	1	No specific role
blacking	trucklecp	1	No specific role
blackjack1	cle266mp-plugin	0	Developer
blackjap	r2at	1	No specific role
blackjap	ssum	1	Developer
blackjellyfish	ericyuen	0	Developer
blackkatana	accgenx	0	No specific role
blackketter	softsqueeze	0	Developer
blackketter	slimp3	1	Developer
blackkknight	o3lengine	1	No specific role
blackklabel	roughwall	0	No specific role
blackknight	clong	0	No specific role
blackknight	clanmecha	0	No specific role
blackknight	doscheckers	1	No specific role
blacklenin	stass	1	No specific role
blacklenin	openspear	1	No specific role
blacklens	eventing	1	No specific role
blacklinux	yakwailog	1	No specific role
blacklion0	bsedit	1	No specific role
blacklion0	legionorganizer	1	No specific role
blacklotus	onlinesig	0	All-Hands Person
blacklotus89	lotustools	1	No specific role
blackm	bestellsystem	1	No specific role
blackm	mda-sql	1	No specific role
blackman890	dotqbasic	1	No specific role
blackman890	dotnetmail	1	No specific role
blackman890	smtpclient	1	No specific role
blackmaniac	lansuite	0	No specific role
blackmariah	jaghtmled	0	Doc Writer
blackmariah	tfcontrol	0	Editorial/Content Writer
blackmilk	uuu	0	Developer
blackmilk	akuryou	1	No specific role
blackmilk	radiator	1	Project Manager
blackmoon666	kdesee	0	Developer
blackmor	kwirc	1	Developer
blackmor	ngetsuite	1	Developer
blackmoslem	virusrage	1	No specific role
blackmoslem	opensl	1	No specific role
blackmoslem	zoro	1	No specific role
blackms	atevents	0	Developer
blackms	bbe	0	Web Designer
blacknash	pish	1	No specific role
blacknash	davinci	0	No specific role
blacknash	gekkoware	1	Developer
blacknator	kmassmailer	0	Developer
blacknator	kftpgrabber	0	Developer
blacknator	gspy	0	Developer
blacknessus	butterflymgm	1	No specific role
blacknext	cayenne	0	Developer
blacknightbn	sim-icq	0	No specific role
blacknoir	yampi	1	No specific role
blacknova	simplewars	0	Developer
blackoak	aha-project	1	Developer
blackonyx	projectzero	0	Graphic/Other Designer
blackoutdonnie	frogjam	0	Developer
blackout_314	falconcms	1	Project Manager
blackout_314	paja	1	No specific role
blackowl	blackowl	1	No specific role
blackp	postlister	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
blackp	teha	1	No specific role
blackp	ideas	1	No specific role
blackpav	whoisdb	1	No specific role
blackpaw	wxsqlite	1	No specific role
blackpaw	wxactivex	1	No specific role
blackpaw	ccard	1	No specific role
blackpete	nbwlan	0	Developer
blackrabite	serpyon	1	No specific role
blackrain010	natdoc	1	Project Manager
blackraven1977	nagiosgraph	0	Developer
blackrax	gilot	1	No specific role
blackridge	hedgehogs	1	No specific role
blackrim	bioorganizer	1	No specific role
blackrim	biogeotools	1	No specific role
blackrim	pebls	1	No specific role
blackrim	jebl	0	Developer
blackrob	ruby-locale	1	Developer
blackrob	matrix-template	1	No specific role
blacksadplus	haopenss7	1	No specific role
blacksage	tileengine	1	Developer
blacksage	dirtchat	0	Developer
blacksirius	royare	1	Project Manager
blackskad	srinjado	1	Developer
blacksnake77	applimovies	1	No specific role
blacksnday	vilificnews	1	No specific role
blacksnow666	jsarraytrimmer	1	No specific role
blackspark	tuxboxgames	0	Project Manager
blackspark	kbanner	1	No specific role
blackspark	qtoxide	1	No specific role
blackspear	perlsms	1	Unix Admin
blackspot	pnob	0	Web Designer
blackspot	synthar	1	No specific role
blackspray	sourceskating	1	Developer
blackspyder	shuteye	1	Project Manager
blacksqr	tclvfs	0	Developer
blacksqr	filtr	1	No specific role
blackstea	arielbot	0	Developer
blackstripe	ftpdb	1	All-Hands Person
blacksuninc	sausalito	0	Developer
blacksurgeon	ecmsgbox	1	Project Manager
blackt	dspack	0	Developer
blackt1ger	mono-syllable	1	No specific role
blacktalon	d2xplore	1	No specific role
blacktav	zchess	1	Project Manager
blacktav	collective	0	Developer
blacktop	overlord	1	Developer
blackvivi	vecadnet	0	No specific role
blackv_life	openezcms	1	Project Manager
blackv_life	pn-modules	0	Developer
blackv_life	phpmytourney	1	All-Hands Person
blackv_life	mynukexxx	1	Project Manager
blackwave	pocketwarrior	0	Developer
blackwave	warglue	0	Developer
blackwidow4	ntbb	0	Developer
blackwings	parserlogswg	1	No specific role
blackwings	db2xml	1	No specific role
blackwizzard	cmsphp	0	Developer
blackwolf359	mac2pc	1	No specific role
blackwre	lsharp	1	All-Hands Person
blacky	open-rpg	0	No specific role
blacky1707	opentsmin	1	No specific role
blacky1707	wsmmcode	1	No specific role
blacky1707	phpmyhtml	1	No specific role
blackye	camerad	1	No specific role
blackyogwizard	jesms	0	Developer
blacky_	deracer	1	No specific role
black_adder	pwrgrid	1	No specific role
black_arrow	vxlib	1	No specific role
black_article	xlfsbook	1	No specific role
black_coder	slashscript	1	No specific role
black_fm	mobicraft	1	No specific role
black_horse	xdbs	1	No specific role
black_jesus	freebob	0	Web Designer
black_jini	l4ka-walrus	1	No specific role
black_jini	java-util	1	No specific role
black_majic	hlstats	1	Project Manager
black_majic	phpua	1	Project Manager
black_majic	metastats	1	Developer
black_mamba	netmod	1	Project Manager
black_mamba	slicoss	1	Project Manager
black_pilot	logshot	0	DBA (Database Administrator)
black_river	blpdb	1	No specific role
black_shadow	vpa	0	Developer
black_skorpio	teamvgit	1	Project Manager
black__angel	jabix	1	All-Hands Person
blacof	whereami	0	Developer
blade	lutsch	0	Developer
blade-fx	irchydra	1	No specific role
blade0rz	tabproject	1	No specific role
blade1o6	clickheat	1	Project Manager
bladecoder	xmlblog	1	No specific role
bladecoder	fly	1	Project Manager
bladeofsteel	apex-tal	0	Tester
blader	mylinklib	1	Project Manager
blader22	lib4j	0	Developer
bladerunner627	legion-engine	1	Developer
bladerunner627	bastnagelengine	1	No specific role
bladesling	projectwebsite	1	No specific role
bladesn	bluewater	1	All-Hands Person
bladesn	greenvalley	1	No specific role
bladesnitz	hypcfd	0	No specific role
bladestaylor	bb4win	0	Developer
bladethruice	editive	1	No specific role
bladewheel	jpnsi	1	No specific role
bladewheel	s3-admin	1	No specific role
blade_ofkain	freerecord	1	Developer
bladx	freebvitamins	1	No specific role
bladx	ake	1	No specific role
bladx	hashes	1	No specific role
bladx	mi-	1	No specific role
blady	conx	0	Web Designer
blaettler	dhtmllib	1	No specific role
blaettler	formgenerator	1	No specific role
blaforge	qare	1	No specific role
blaforge	jxweb	1	All-Hands Person
blaforge	jxunit	1	No specific role
blaforge	jxquick	1	No specific role
blaforge	agilewiki	1	Developer
blago	symbio	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
blagus	trace	1	No specific role
blah37	smallvr	1	Developer
blaher	winbot	1	No specific role
blahetal	thundervb	1	Developer
blahman	coil	1	No specific role
blahman	qslimp3	1	No specific role
blainekendall	webwalker	1	No specific role
blainett	warping	1	Developer
blainne	odinah	1	Developer
blairdude	udos	0	Developer
blairdude	freedos	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
blairfoster	knotsim	1	No specific role
blairj	biocsharp	1	Developer
blairmacintyre	openalxtra	1	Developer
blairmacintyre	videowrapper	1	Developer
blairr	mapcreator	0	Developer
blairy	winex	0	Developer
blair_foster_jr	gaimtracker	1	No specific role
blais	xxdiff	1	No specific role
blais	atocha	1	No specific role
blais	pyexif	1	Project Manager
blais	curator	1	No specific role
blais	docutils	0	Developer
blaise	armadeus	0	No specific role
blaise14	photoeos	1	No specific role
blaise68	armadeus	0	No specific role
blaisegassend	videopipe	1	No specific role
blaisepascal	stexme	0	No specific role
blaisorblade	user-mode-linux	1	Developer
blaisorblade	jext	1	Developer
blaisorblade	jext-plugins	1	Project Manager
blake	macs	1	Project Manager
blake-r	bnsyslogdaemon	1	No specific role
blake1024	dynace	1	No specific role
blake6489	emf4povray	1	No specific role
blakeb395	jbattleship	1	No specific role
blakebinkley	openfxmw	1	Project Manager
blakeciv	civ4betterai	0	Developer
blakeciv	c4ac	1	Developer
blaked	ecologylab	1	No specific role
blakejob	softrel	1	No specific role
blakejr	visualgaming	0	Developer
blakel	ldiftocsv	1	No specific role
blakemartin	oscarmcmaster	0	Developer
blakewatters	cclicense	1	No specific role
blakewatters	geekddb	1	Developer
blakewatters	netjuke	1	Project Manager
blakewatters	phpeclipse	0	Developer
blakeyez	phpeclipse	0	Distributor/Promoter
blake_williams	manslaughter	1	No specific role
blake_williams	havoc	1	No specific role
blakfli	openhl	0	No specific role
blakharaz	burnedout	1	No specific role
blakharaz	dsa-hl	1	Project Manager
blakharaz	dsa4gen	1	Project Manager
blakksyn	address-book	1	No specific role
blakmajik	mamook	0	Developer
blambert	knowledgetree	1	Developer
blambert	educommons	1	All-Hands Person
blambert	ols-usu	1	No specific role
blame	webtrans	1	No specific role
blamemike	sharptorrent	1	No specific role
blammit	lightblue	1	No specific role
blammo	geomoose	0	Developer
blamoureux	tclcde	1	Project Manager
blanch	svgl	0	Developer
blanchard	phygen	1	No specific role
blanchg	as4j	1	No specific role
blanchy	n-type	0	Developer
blanckenhorn	phpjrkdb	1	Project Manager
blancotheone	xbtt	0	No specific role
blancowulfe	cxtable	0	Tester
blanderer	art23firebird	1	No specific role
blandest	forth	0	Editorial/Content Writer
blandest_04	justdoir	1	Project Manager
blandi	sesam	1	Developer
blane	cdshare	1	No specific role
blane	simzombie	1	No specific role
blane	vmail	1	Developer
blank89	phpdabomb	1	No specific role
blankboy	ticketrails	1	No specific role
blanke13	r-lanmanager	0	Developer
blankreb	mutsu	0	No specific role
blanky64	go2console	1	No specific role
blankz	rambutan	0	Content Management
blank_contact	gltron	0	No specific role
blanshlu	labwiki	1	No specific role
blanshlu	stubout	1	No specific role
blantkw	mualum	1	Project Manager
blantz	tnos	1	Project Manager
blantz	byrequest	0	Developer
blantz	nslu	0	Developer
blanu	blogbot	1	No specific role
blanu	gnostica	1	No specific role
blanu	tristero	1	Project Manager
blanu	actlabtv	1	Project Manager
blanu	momoko	1	No specific role
blanu	neurogrid	0	Developer
blanu	eof	1	Project Manager
blanu	security-depot	1	All-Hands Person
blanu	discordia	1	No specific role
blapierre	lostrealms	0	Developer
blapierre	mpacman	1	Developer
blaplante	xso	1	No specific role
blapo	gdbstubs	1	Developer
blaquesmith	dsdevguild	0	Editorial/Content Writer
blaqware	eosnwneditor	1	No specific role
blare	phpphotoweblog	1	No specific role
blarelax	xxxtpl	1	Developer
blargthebrute	mystic-wood	1	No specific role
blarkin	myjsqlview	0	Developer
blar_de	phpclanpage	1	No specific role
blaschke-oss	jfs	1	Developer
blaschkeks	proteinfalter	1	No specific role
blaschkeks	baumkataster	1	No specific role
blasco3	f4a	1	Developer
blase16	bookhexor	1	No specific role
blasher1	hgengine	0	No specific role
blasjw	linimage	1	All-Hands Person
blassic	blassic	1	No specific role
blast007	bzflag	0	Developer
blast007	trueleague	1	Project Manager
blast007	php2press	0	Developer
blastasia	openeva	1	No specific role
blaster151	artisant	1	No specific role
blaster666	devbasic	0	Developer
blasterman	aiot	1	No specific role
blastern	maptoogremesh	1	No specific role
blasterstudios	bsspeak	1	No specific role
blasto333	phppointofsale	1	Developer
blasto333	molly	0	Developer
blaszijk	modelbuilder	1	Project Manager
blaszijk	componentcreate	1	No specific role
blaszijk	jedimath	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
blaszijk	datamodeling	1	No specific role
blathaon	tamali	1	No specific role
blatman	blat	1	Project Manager
blato	wowparsercli	1	No specific role
blato	dkpnet	1	No specific role
blaurence	academic-games	0	Developer
blaurens	freebased	1	Developer
blaurock	togmap	1	No specific role
blaus	datamapper	1	Web Designer
blauwmuts	bmotion	0	Developer
blavi	mp4free	1	Project Manager
blaxkiller	eve-downtime-fx	1	No specific role
blaxkiller	teamskeud	1	No specific role
blaxwan	icm532	1	Project Manager
blaxxun	vrspace	0	Developer
blax_fr0st	b0xnet	0	All-Hands Person
blayde	netatalk	0	No specific role
blaysh	saitostroi	1	No specific role
blaz	blazter	1	No specific role
blaz	gervasproject	0	Developer
blaza007	hmcenter	0	Developer
blazblaz	timebreach	0	Project Manager
blazedge	wpigdc-cms	0	No specific role
blazegly	freestyledust	0	No specific role
blazejkubiak	idolib	0	No specific role
blazenka	hrlatex	1	Project Manager
blazerman1	vst	1	No specific role
blazeroni	gdg-f06	1	No specific role
blazeroni	foxc	1	Developer
blazeroni	germs	0	Developer
blazeroni	monsters	0	No specific role
blazes816	shuttlebb	0	Developer
blazes816	phpbbmodders	0	Developer
blazhkir	bizwrite	0	Developer
blazho	moco	0	No specific role
blazicek	harmon	0	Developer
blazier	eaps	0	No specific role
blazing_saddles	stripes-sec	1	No specific role
blaznyoght	anusmodrack	1	No specific role
blazp	itpmr	0	Web Designer
blazz	isportal05	1	Developer
blazz	trustidportal	0	Developer
blaz_kurent	suml	0	No specific role
blaz_kurent	symmetry	0	No specific role
blb	ciphsafe	1	No specific role
blb	objectivectcl	1	No specific role
blb	csmaker	1	No specific role
blckdove	takku	1	No specific role
blckdove	ipocdcreator	1	No specific role
blckdove	usbirboy	1	Project Manager
blckdv	nwnffpw	1	Project Manager
blckknght	ufintruder	0	Developer
blcktrrr	scarred-steel	0	No specific role
bldragon	konus	0	Developer
bldrdash	ubcd	1	Developer
blduprey	dsacss	0	No specific role
bleached	qweelo	1	No specific role
bleadof	foxability	1	No specific role
bleair2	pyopengl	0	Developer
bleam	threads1	1	No specific role
bleam	lin-x-pert	1	Project Manager
blebeisah	diogene87	0	Developer
blebeisah	narcisse81	1	Project Manager
blecher	misterhouse	0	No specific role
bledi	timeeffect	0	Developer
bleechack	thinportal	1	No specific role
bleechack	jscp	1	No specific role
bleechack	jsrcbuilder	1	No specific role
bleeck	simulator	1	No specific role
bleeharper	xnaairhockey	1	Project Manager
bleepster	undernet-ircu	0	Developer
bleeter	guifications	0	Developer
bleeter	gaim-vv	1	All-Hands Person
bleevo	wowuiupdater	1	No specific role
blef	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
blehargh	lockss	0	Developer
bleizig	amble	1	No specific role
blemia-borowicz	bssrp	1	No specific role
blemia-borowicz	t2gether	1	No specific role
blemia-borowicz	sourcecleaner	1	No specific role
blemieux	symbianoggplay	0	Developer
blemming	brilliantcms	1	No specific role
blemming	devmap	1	No specific role
blempereur	ospora	0	Developer
blendamedt	axis	0	Developer
blendamedt	kfilm	1	Developer
blendamedt	kdenlive	1	Developer
blendamedt	kvideoeditor	1	Project Manager
blenderman	myq3log	1	Project Manager
blenderuser	spacerpg	0	No specific role
blender_owl	igdi	1	No specific role
blender_owl	bsocks	1	No specific role
blendi	ooml	1	Developer
blendi	advse	1	Developer
blentz	smbind	1	Project Manager
blentz	readlog	1	No specific role
bleonhardt	lr101	1	Project Manager
blep	conflicteditor	1	No specific role
blep	cpptool	1	All-Hands Person
blep	cppunit	1	Project Manager
blep	jsoncpp	1	Project Manager
blep	billygoat	0	Developer
blep	ogre	0	Developer
blep	opentest	1	Project Manager
blep	distbuild	1	No specific role
bleseul	frenchmozilla	1	Developer
bleslie	dsacss	0	No specific role
blessedisaac	isaac	1	No specific role
blessedmangwana	itranserve	1	No specific role
blessedrdameek	periodictables	0	Doc Writer
blessenohl	photometersoft	1	No specific role
blestan	simple-mysql	1	Project Manager
bletous	phpmycss	1	No specific role
bleugris	iosity	1	No specific role
bleuler	myspms	1	Project Manager
bleulerr	phpcrs	0	Requirements Engineering
bleupomme	easymol	0	Developer
bleveque	todoliste	1	No specific role
blevine	histo	1	No specific role
bleys_tcs	noesis	0	No specific role
bleything	ljarchive	0	Developer
bleything	harmonize	1	No specific role
bleything	fblib	1	No specific role
blez	focs	0	No specific role
blezek	qspacehulk	1	Developer
blezek	vxl	0	No specific role
blh	olelo	1	Project Manager
blh	tcl	0	No specific role
blh2358	autopilot	0	Developer
blh79	blh	1	No specific role
blh79	gmonopoly	1	No specific role
blhps	gztc	1	No specific role
blibbleblobble	geo	1	No specific role
blibbleblobble	graphicexplorer	1	No specific role
blibbleblobble	wintexeditor	1	No specific role
blibbleblobble	codewanted	1	No specific role
blibble_blobble	freedrm	1	No specific role
blid	nibbles	1	No specific role
blieb	rect	1	No specific role
blieck	phonifier	1	No specific role
blightshadow	tcsd	0	Developer
blightx0r	libqxl	1	No specific role
bligneri	thin-oscar	1	No specific role
bligneri	tikiwiki	0	Developer
bligneri	gulus	0	All-Hands Person
bligneri	systeminstaller	0	Developer
bligneri	systemimager	0	Developer
bligneri	mydynaweb	1	Developer
bligneri	metamenu	0	Developer
bligneri	mille-xterm	1	Project Manager
bligneri	mille-colibris	1	No specific role
bligneri	oscar	0	Developer
blijlevens	abiss	0	No specific role
blikblum	becape	1	No specific role
blikblum	lazarus-ccr	0	Developer
bliles	osesm	1	Project Manager
blimpyboy	zquake	0	Developer
blind-man	ruby-in-php	1	No specific role
blindbasher	cast-control	0	Distributor/Promoter
blindberg	boost-sandbox	0	Developer
blindcoder	bchat	1	Developer
blindcoder	biotr	1	No specific role
blindcoder	lvplayer	1	No specific role
blindcoder	mindex	0	Developer
blindcolor	j4nn	0	Developer
blindd0t	jgamefly	0	Web Designer
blindgoat	journalness	0	No specific role
blindhuw	vibewire	0	Developer
blindidiot	jnode	0	Developer
blindlizard	p3wa	1	No specific role
blindman1344	phpwebsite-comm	1	Developer
blindman1344	phpwsscoreboard	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
blindman1344	phpwscommerce	0	Developer
blindman1344	phpwsbb	0	Tester
blindman2	xawdecode	0	Web Designer
blindside	risingtide	0	Developer
blindzero	qmp	0	No specific role
blindzero	sis	1	No specific role
blind_cat	dronix	0	No specific role
bling182	djmix	0	Web Designer
blink38	woto	1	No specific role
blinkedph	myphpdumptool	1	No specific role
blinking8s	pixelpost	0	Project Manager
blinkn	mediacoder	0	Developer
blinks	dashcode	1	Project Manager
blinks	spark-language	1	Project Manager
blinks	gamma-tracker	1	No specific role
blinks	schemer	1	Project Manager
blinkskater71	blood32	1	No specific role
blino	firepoutre	1	No specific role
bliong	shib-autograph	1	No specific role
bliong	iam-suite	1	No specific role
bliong	mamsproject	1	No specific role
blip22	gdproject	1	Developer
blipscomb	cleversafe	0	No specific role
bliss-	mm4-0	1	No specific role
blissfull	logcop	0	Developer
blisshead	caffeinege	1	Project Manager
blisster	corantostuff	0	Graphic/Other Designer
blister	apostle	0	No specific role
blisz	media-manager	1	No specific role
blisz	ugame	0	No specific role
blithwyn	pcgen	0	Developer
blittan	xbmc	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
blittan	xbmcarcade	1	No specific role
blitzbasico	blitzcodes	1	No specific role
blitzfeuer	kdeproof	1	Developer
blitzfeuer	kdesee	1	Project Manager
blitzman	ant-rts	0	No specific role
blitzrage	astweb	0	Doc Writer
blitzrage	asterisk	1	Doc Writer
bliu	posixtest	0	Developer
bliving	openpss	1	No specific role
blixa	cassandra	0	Developer
blizt	simpledvd	1	No specific role
blizzard	mozglade	0	No specific role
blizzillica	lafe	0	Developer
blizzillica	utscanner	1	No specific role
blizzor	burningnetwork	1	Project Manager
blizzy	subpersistence	1	Developer
blizzy	flap	1	Project Manager
blizzymadden	porterstemmers	1	No specific role
blizzymadden	l10nedit	1	No specific role
blizzymadden	wxcode	0	Developer
bljacobo	ixp4xx-osdg	1	Support Manager
bljohnson	webgate	1	No specific role
blk-majik	gash	0	Developer
blk-majik	eotp	1	No specific role
blkonblk	tbroot	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
blkrider	blackwm	1	No specific role
blk_panther	gamers-irc	0	Developer
bllklly	genj	0	No specific role
blm	proton-ce	0	Developer
blmatthews	pywebsvcs	0	Developer
blmeyers	orm	0	Developer
blmooney	organdesigner	0	Developer
blnreddy	protocol-stacks	1	No specific role
blnz	xmlecho	1	All-Hands Person
bloatware	lhrender	1	Developer
blob79	jargus	1	Project Manager
blobbafett	ultimairis	0	Developer
blobbybirdman	drpangloss	1	No specific role
blobbybirdman	pars	1	No specific role
blobbybirdman	apostrophe	1	No specific role
block76	jbilling	0	Developer
blockm	ecat4ccnow	0	No specific role
blocknotes	iview	1	No specific role
blodbath	tedious	1	No specific role
blodtjorn	regulus	0	Developer
blodtjorn	howe	0	Developer
bloember	uic	0	Developer
bloessl	commsy	0	No specific role
blofeld	menucracker	0	Developer
blogcreative	blog-creative	1	No specific role
blogger	adodbapi	0	Developer
bloggercat	tlink	0	Developer
blogninja	bloggervalley	1	No specific role
blohh	recoder-cs	0	Developer
bloid	redqeen	0	Developer
bloid	fluffware	0	Developer
bloihl	jqueryserver	1	Project Manager
bloihl	jradius-client	1	Project Manager
blokhead	perl-flat	1	Developer
blokje	devtraq	1	No specific role
blokken	blokken	1	Project Manager
blokkie	undead	1	Developer
blokkie4	grudgegame	1	No specific role
blomberg	bitpeddler	0	Developer
blomi	travissimo	1	Project Manager
blomk	avango	0	Developer
blomma	jedmodes	0	Developer
blomma	phpmode	1	No specific role
blommaep	pierf	1	No specific role
blommethomas	jchecs	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
blommethomas	j-strategie	1	No specific role
blomst	fooftpd	1	No specific role
blonderedhead	gimmick-tetris	0	Developer
blondin	lrp	1	No specific role
blondino	exporia	0	Doc Writer
blondi_b	itve	1	Project Manager
blondydog	boardfusion	0	Developer
blongwe	ungana	1	No specific role
blood-stone	nwnjcontroler	0	Doc Writer
bloodchen	typengo	1	Project Manager
bloodclot	jgetfe	1	No specific role
bloodcult	clanmanager	0	Developer
bloode	freeciv4palmos	0	Developer
bloode	razor-gui-exts	1	Developer
bloode	quarto4palmos	1	Project Manager
bloodeu	drivewatch	1	Project Manager
bloodkilldthman	caplot	1	No specific role
bloodkilldthman	micro-phpgtk	1	No specific role
bloodline	aros	0	Distributor/Promoter
bloodline62	bloodywound	1	No specific role
bloodlust_	phpgameportal	1	No specific role
bloodlust_	rotdteam	1	Developer
bloodragesoft	effos	1	No specific role
bloodrain555	globalconquest	1	No specific role
bloodrain555	g-rpg	1	No specific role
bloodsh	dev-cpp	0	All-Hands Person
bloodshower	moll	1	No specific role
bloodstalker666	evilpandy3d	0	Editorial/Content Writer
bloodstein	guihelper	0	Developer
bloodvayne	airsoft-hl-mod	1	No specific role
bloody-angel	bloodybeard	0	Web Designer
bloodycool	gammaproj1	0	Developer
bloodykenny	hl2openbot	1	No specific role
bloody_agar	ratatosk	1	No specific role
bloody_agar	ratatosk-media	1	No specific role
bloody_agar	ratatosk-summon	1	No specific role
bloody_agar	yggdrasillmodel	1	No specific role
bloogrape	msx-news	1	No specific role
bloonix	bloonix	1	No specific role
blooody	transport3d	1	No specific role
blootbot	blootbot	0	Tester
blopdak	thunderpigeon	1	Developer
bloritsch	seda	0	Developer
bloritsch	d-haven	1	Project Manager
blorthorc	paragon-php	1	Developer
blouk	fromage	0	Developer
blount	sureplayer	1	No specific role
bloup	yoursql	1	Developer
blovett	opensoekris	1	All-Hands Person
blowagie	jects	1	No specific role
blowagie	itext	1	Developer
blowagie	itextsharp	1	Project Manager
blowback	epiafb	1	No specific role
blowdart	subtext	0	Developer
blowers	zesync	0	No specific role
blowery	nbloggerapi	1	Project Manager
blowfishyeh	bingogo	1	No specific role
blowndisk	yahw	1	Developer
blowop	bwirc	1	Project Manager
blowtorch	sccmultibackend	1	Developer
blox0r	blox0r	1	No specific role
blozey	gorilla	0	Web Designer
blphoenix	mcode	0	Web Designer
blphoenix	measj	0	Web Designer
blpiko	cliteoo	1	No specific role
blpiko	dyn-treeview	1	No specific role
blprice	cpolib	1	Project Manager
blq	boost	0	Developer
blq	filur	1	No specific role
blrogers	baalucf	1	No specific role
blsecres	indexgenerator	0	Developer
blt	lcdproc	0	No specific role
bltfast32	stateofsiege	1	Project Manager
bltierney	py-gma	1	No specific role
bltzr	jamoma	0	Developer
blu3viper	bluelist	1	No specific role
blubber	bviewer	1	No specific role
blubber	jaf	1	Developer
blubber	ncsh	1	Developer
blubber	gct	1	No specific role
blubbfallo	londerings	0	Developer
blubbfish	mp3-manager-php	1	No specific role
blubdog	devil-linux	1	Developer
blucas37	pongbat	1	Developer
blucas73	pongbat	1	Developer
bluce	colossus	0	Developer
blucecio	contineo	0	Developer
bluceree	gadvent	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
blucollarguy	true-mvs	1	Developer
bluczyns	housebot	0	Developer
blud	mysticircd	1	Developer
bludeffect	deusip	1	No specific role
bludlust	allacrost	0	No specific role
bludok	tikiwiki	0	Developer
bludwig	infonet	1	All-Hands Person
bludwig	jcvsfile	1	No specific role
blue-day	mydchub	1	No specific role
blue-linux	bluelinux	1	Project Manager
blue-networks	openmailadv	1	No specific role
blue1	pacerapp	1	No specific role
blue1	phpfilefarm	0	Developer
blue2	flashapplet	1	Developer
blue3002	wosportable	1	No specific role
blue56	bluesite	1	No specific role
blue56	openpop3	1	No specific role
blueangeljin	evaq	0	Developer
blueapple2	buttonf	1	No specific role
blueapple2	juult	1	Developer
blueapple2	step	1	No specific role
blueapples	pluggedout-cms	0	Developer
blueapples	sharpe	0	Developer
bluear	esos	1	No specific role
blueatom	artdream	1	No specific role
blueatom	masma	1	No specific role
blueb	photoguru	1	Project Manager
blueb	pwt	1	No specific role
bluebeachsi	jedimail	1	No specific role
bluebear-dk	lib-bluestats	1	No specific role
bluebear-dk	hexhub	0	Developer
blueberries	urbanchallenge	0	No specific role
bluebirdyy	springftp	1	No specific role
bluebird_zq	ebazaar	0	Developer
blueblueblue	moderndos	1	No specific role
blueblueblue	os42	1	No specific role
blueblueblue	fieldcommand	1	No specific role
blueblueblue	jimp2p	1	No specific role
blueboid	kreator	0	Tester
bluebottlee	realityundef	1	Developer
bluecacao	andromeda	1	No specific role
bluecatsd	pyui2	1	No specific role
bluecell-x	vxcr	1	Project Manager
bluecherry	osmsoc2005	0	Developer
bluecherry	blackwidow	1	No specific role
bluecoat93	netdevicelib	1	No specific role
bluecoat93	netupsd	1	No specific role
bluecoat93	pygoogle	1	No specific role
bluecommand	crystal	0	Developer
bluecommand	cel	0	Developer
bluecrow76	diyddns	1	No specific role
bluecubs	xinco	1	Project Manager
bluecypher	gluetils	1	No specific role
bluedavy	triones	1	Project Manager
bluedavy	jleaf	0	Analysis / Design
bluedevil2k	swingplus	1	No specific role
bluedonkey	factorylog	1	No specific role
blueeyeos	blueeyeos	1	No specific role
bluefalkon	soe	1	Project Manager
bluefelix	photoseek	0	No specific role
bluefelix	php-profiler	1	Developer
bluefire78	jdx	0	No specific role
bluefishcorner	dominofs	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
blueflash	godflamesaver	1	No specific role
bluefox	bluefox	1	Project Manager
bluefox0088	alexs-pythonmud	1	No specific role
bluefox328	openfrag	0	Developer
bluefoxicy	capsaicin	1	Web Designer
bluefoxicy	debianhardened	0	Analysis / Design
bluefoxicy	steel-malloc	1	Project Manager
bluefoxicy	fcomp	1	No specific role
bluefoxicy	foxfs	1	No specific role
bluefoxicy	linuxdriver	1	No specific role
bluefoxicy	woct	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
bluefoxicy	glacierwall-rss	1	No specific role
bluefoxicy	hardenedposix	1	No specific role
bluefoxicy	readahead-ng	1	No specific role
bluefoxicy	usrbac	1	No specific role
bluefoxicy	peppermill	1	No specific role
bluefreak	pointers	1	No specific role
bluefugu	bfsblackjack	1	No specific role
bluefusionxl	exbb-forum	1	Unix Admin
bluegecko	xwallet	1	No specific role
bluegeek	plone-i18n	0	Developer
bluegod	galsel	1	No specific role
bluegulasch	pdms	0	Developer
bluehal	ganglia	0	Developer
bluehal	wmbiff	1	Developer
bluehal	wmalbum	1	No specific role
bluehawk89	bhsuite	1	No specific role
bluehawk89	reminesceemu	1	No specific role
bluehaze	jibot	0	Developer
bluehell	nmedit	0	Developer
bluehocadmin	bluehoc	1	Project Manager
bluehunterus	netcafe	1	Project Manager
bluejohn	pmd	0	Developer
bluejohn	binman	1	No specific role
bluekey	phpsondgen	1	No specific role
bluekid	blueplayer	1	No specific role
bluekylin	nebulacraft	0	No specific role
bluelancer	cs401cve	1	Developer
bluelang	rebirth	1	No specific role
bluelaser	mvpimage	1	No specific role
bluelaser505	expression-eval	1	No specific role
bluelazer	webforwin32	1	No specific role
bluelightning	eboxy	1	No specific role
bluelive	utf8vcl	1	No specific role
bluelive	pluk	1	Project Manager
bluemace	egstank	0	Developer
bluemate	sinis	0	Developer
bluemetal	hollys	1	All-Hands Person
bluemetal	airbox	0	Developer
bluemidget	d20cm	0	Project Manager
bluemidget	justin-case	0	Developer
bluemidget	mugu	0	Developer
bluemini	cfrhino	1	No specific role
bluemle	sudokuforphp	1	No specific role
bluemonki	lostclan	0	No specific role
bluemonkmn	simplecallerid	1	No specific role
bluemonkmn	gamedev	1	All-Hands Person
bluemonkmn	gamedevprj	1	No specific role
bluemonkmn	sgdk2	1	No specific role
bluemonkmn	ccutil	1	No specific role
bluemonkmn	bmrsa	1	No specific role
bluemonkmn	nan	0	Developer
bluemt	ipapers	1	No specific role
blueness	openmeeting	1	Developer
bluenexus	caves	1	No specific role
blueninjasw	vbdox	1	Project Manager
bluenirve	spamproxy	0	Project Manager
bluenose	cp-converter	1	No specific role
bluenoser	myxoopsforge	0	Developer
bluenotemkvi	timeclock	1	Developer
bluenotemkvi	spamlist	1	No specific role
bluenova	xoops	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
blueoak	xmsf	1	Developer
bluepanther	phpsys	1	No specific role
bluepanther	odbc2odbc	1	Developer
bluephreak	nadfs	0	Developer
bluepixel	caelestis	1	Graphic/Other Designer
bluepunk	perldrop	1	No specific role
blueraccoon	audioradmin	1	Developer
bluerei	jiz	1	No specific role
bluerobin	opm	0	No specific role
blueronin	ferite	0	All-Hands Person
blueronin	xensh	1	No specific role
blues-man	www-sms	0	Developer
blues-man	gotext	1	Project Manager
bluescreendem	bluescreen	1	No specific role
bluescreendemo	bluescreen	1	Project Manager
bluescreenexe	simpleticky	1	No specific role
blueshift	j-wings	1	Developer
blueshift	antifact	0	Developer
blueshirtscum	gameplanx	1	No specific role
blueshogun96	gsrex	1	No specific role
blueski	sawinsoft	1	No specific role
bluesky1970	eom	1	Project Manager
bluesloth	movetarget	1	No specific role
bluesmood	needles	0	No specific role
bluesmoon	calendar-pm	1	No specific role
bluesmoon	libyahoo2	1	Project Manager
bluesmoon	getmail-com	1	No specific role
bluesmoon	httptype	1	No specific role
bluesmoon	html-tmpl-java	1	No specific role
bluesmoon	tictactoe-score	1	Project Manager
bluesmoon	ayttm	1	Developer
bluesmoon	allyjack	1	No specific role
bluesmoon	rssyn	1	No specific role
bluespeed9	deviantmessage	1	No specific role
bluesteel514	osjms	0	No specific role
bluesteelau	mwa	0	No specific role
bluesteelsec	bluesteelsec	1	No specific role
bluestraggler	exsite	1	No specific role
bluestrain	esmsdev	0	Developer
bluestrain	tikiwiki	0	Developer
bluestream	tutorialis	1	No specific role
bluestream	php2icq	1	Developer
bluestream	blogsuite	1	No specific role
bluestream	bluejax	1	No specific role
bluestream	cmdtools	1	No specific role
bluestream	comicphp	1	Developer
bluestripedcat	jasel	1	No specific role
bluestrm	obfuscatejs	1	No specific role
bluesun	d20-chat	1	No specific role
bluetear	marble	0	All-Hands Person
bluethgen	pathsim	1	No specific role
bluethgen	homgl	1	No specific role
bluetit	amsn	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
bluetrust	surveycomplete	1	No specific role
bluetrust	freenorm	1	No specific role
bluevd	html-utils	1	No specific role
bluevector	ibeam	1	No specific role
bluevector	httpbot	1	No specific role
blueware	blueware	1	No specific role
bluewayg	elftk	1	No specific role
bluewhackadoo	roombafx	1	No specific role
bluewizard2000	programerengine	1	No specific role
bluewolf2005	vr32	1	No specific role
bluexmas	querytools	0	All-Hands Person
blueyed	jedit	0	Developer
blueyed	b2evo-captcha	0	Developer
blueyed	evocms-plugins	1	Project Manager
blueyed	evocms	0	Developer
blueynsw	shrinkta	1	No specific role
bluezoo	neurogrid	0	Developer
blue_cloud	javasimplecode	1	No specific role
blue_death	movida	1	No specific role
blue_death	osdab	1	Project Manager
blue_j	slugtalk	1	No specific role
blue_light	warplay	1	No specific role
blue_quartz	frsb	1	No specific role
blue_quartz	mysqueaks	1	No specific role
blue_soldier	javasim	0	Developer
blue_star	openwinbot	0	Developer
blue_viking	iconvene4u	0	Developer
blue_viking	yfs	1	No specific role
blue_wind_25	pt-framework	1	Developer
bluffel	coengines	1	No specific role
blufox	mod-scheme	1	No specific role
blugu256	racemanager	0	Developer
bluhatter	igogg-cms	1	No specific role
bluiee	bluematrix	1	No specific role
bluishor	vpnbc	1	No specific role
bluius	whelkmud	0	Tester
blujus	joone	0	Developer
blujus	broadcast	0	Developer
blukas	cacms	1	Developer
blukas	imemex	0	Developer
blukas	hotdeploy	1	Developer
blumbi	billingiagl	1	Tester
blumenkind	modapp	1	No specific role
blumshub	carvingdbg	0	Developer
blunatic	activedefense	1	Developer
blunck2	nslu	0	Developer
blunck2	meta-tools	1	No specific role
blunck2	mp3-shadow	1	No specific role
blunck2	zenoss	1	No specific role
blunck2	pywebsvcs	1	Developer
blunck2	pyxml	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
blundar	megasquirtavr	0	Developer
blundar	pgmfi	1	No specific role
blunder	megasquirtavr	0	Developer
blunier	lubbock	0	No specific role
blunk	wepattack	1	Developer
blunt3d	p4d	1	No specific role
bluntaxe	deadserver	1	Developer
blurec	alco2	0	No specific role
blured	jsh	0	Developer
blurise	blur	1	No specific role
blurpoid	coolmp3	1	Developer
blurry	a2gameserver	1	No specific role
blushine	vde	0	Developer
blushine	gexa	1	No specific role
blushine	gift-mute	1	No specific role
blushine	lyfind	1	No specific role
blusjune	sspa	1	No specific role
blusk	sq7	0	Developer
blusoft	blubos	1	No specific role
bluszcz	eounicorn	0	Graphic/Other Designer
blutch	nxqd	0	Developer
blutch0007	glomp	0	Developer
blutm8	fbchat	1	No specific role
blutmeer	xendist	1	No specific role
blutsauger	webgui-cpp	1	No specific role
blutsauger	juvr	1	No specific role
blutsauger	nostlwarn	1	No specific role
blutz2	d-n-a	1	Developer
bluu	sign2text	0	Developer
bluybrink	tikiwiki	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bluyten	ariadnekps	0	No specific role
bluzytrix	sign2text	1	No specific role
blu_shuriken	epski	0	Tester
blworld	easysys	1	No specific role
blwy10v	sconbuild	1	No specific role
blyother	icredibb	1	Developer
blyp	bonesword	0	Developer
blytkerchan	p4w	0	No specific role
blytkerchan	halos	1	No specific role
blytkerchan	harboured	1	No specific role
blytkerchan	funky	1	No specific role
blytkerchan	jail-ust	1	No specific role
blyzurd	legendengine	0	Developer
bm-data	synon2hbm	0	Developer
bm212	etad	1	No specific role
bm212	otas	1	Developer
bm2600	macglquake	1	Project Manager
bm3719	l1j	1	Developer
bmaassen	bushfire	1	Developer
bmachek	jowaclient	1	No specific role
bmachuletz	sscdrfe	1	No specific role
bmackiew	openmap	1	Project Manager
bmacy	ysl	0	No specific role
bmagerko	ai-standards	0	No specific role
bmajurski	iheos	1	No specific role
bmaker	obst-ab	1	Project Manager
bmalkow	outcook	1	Project Manager
bmaltzan	dftool	1	No specific role
bmaltzan	erlin	1	No specific role
bmaltzan	gabble	1	No specific role
bmamet	genatoile	1	Project Manager
bman78	phpmycalendar	1	No specific role
bmann	adi	1	Project Manager
bmanolov	mylib	1	No specific role
bmanolov	phpwikibot	1	No specific role
bmarchan	fudaa	0	Developer
bmarco	deb	0	No specific role
bmarcondes	freek	0	Developer
bmaret	fink	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
bmaret	pygsl	0	No specific role
bmarkgraf	pkgbuild	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
bmarleyfr	irrklangwrapper	1	No specific role
bmarmanis	secondstring	0	Developer
bmarotta	bds2006config	1	No specific role
bmartino	cm4web	1	No specific role
bmartins	cageclass	1	No specific role
bmartins	shrec	1	No specific role
bmartins	tcatng	1	No specific role
bmartins	jaspell	1	No specific role
bmartins	jspatial	1	No specific role
bmartins	webcat	1	No specific role
bmartins	webla	1	No specific role
bmascret	nat-braille	1	No specific role
bmastenbrook	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
bmatcuk	gurl	1	No specific role
bmathews	fatxmp3ftper	1	No specific role
bmathews	beamforming	1	No specific role
bmathieu	marvel	1	No specific role
bmathieu	mjpeg	0	No specific role
bmatlin	mjpeg	0	Developer
bmaton	ncrkiller	1	No specific role
bmatthew	gmod	0	No specific role
bmatthews68	ldapexplorer	1	No specific role
bmatthews99	ipexpunge	1	No specific role
bmatzelle	nini	1	No specific role
bmatzelle	phpmailer	1	Project Manager
bmatzelle	rapidsvn	1	No specific role
bmaurer	ntdump	1	No specific role
bmauro	edemps	0	Developer
bmax	ize	1	No specific role
bmaxwell1970	pscope	0	Developer
bmay	vacation	0	Developer
bmay	xmlresume	0	Developer
bmayhew	owasp	0	Developer
bmaynard	arkworld	0	Developer
bmaynard	jiis	1	Developer
bmazur	megamek	1	No specific role
bmb6agb	socket	1	Project Manager
bmb6agb	guanxi	0	No specific role
bmb6agb	bodington	0	No specific role
bmbommarito	ncal	1	Project Manager
bmbrendler	bmbrendler	1	No specific role
bmbrendler	adaptweb	0	No specific role
bmcage	gramps	0	Developer
bmcahill	opengfs	1	Developer
bmcahill	opendlm	1	Developer
bmcalister	dictionarymaker	0	Developer
bmcaulif	partyplanner	1	No specific role
bmccl	x-word	1	No specific role
bmccoy	openletter	1	Developer
bmcelwee	semi-wp-plugins	1	Developer
bmcgilligan	xaraya	1	Developer
bmcgilligan	julian	0	No specific role
bmcmurray	phplabman	1	Developer
bmcquay	desko	1	Project Manager
bmcskimming	green	1	Developer
bmc_software	sms2cmdb	1	No specific role
bmc_software	bmc-os	1	Developer
bmdsns	synon2hbm	0	Developer
bmdurksen	aaf	1	Developer
bme-msd	frugalware	1	Developer
bmeco	universibo	0	Developer
bmehling	openvista	1	Project Manager
bmeneghetti	truconline	0	Developer
bmeneghetti	helltoneprj01	1	Project Manager
bmenendez	msjdbcproxy	0	No specific role
bmentges	greenpencil	1	No specific role
bmeredyk	pnourcontacts	1	No specific role
bmerkle	corbatester	0	Developer
bmerry	bugle	1	No specific role
bmerry	jinamp	1	No specific role
bmerry	abacuscm	0	Developer
bmerry	radiod	1	No specific role
bmesa	alphaeditor	1	No specific role
bmesing	packagesearch	1	No specific role
bmesing	planets3d	1	No specific role
bmetz	mameox	0	Tester
bmeurer	dbh	0	Developer
bmeurer	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
bmeurer	xfce	1	Developer
bme_jcs	javacareers	0	Developer
bmf1972	wirexn	1	No specific role
bmgouvea	netcomm4j	0	Developer
bmh	zopexmlmethods	0	Developer
bmh	collective	0	Developer
bmh	exuserfolder	0	Developer
bmh	plone	0	Developer
bmhaven	bmhaven	1	Developer
bmht	bmht	1	No specific role
bmickler	peachads	1	No specific role
bmicomp	phprideboard	1	Project Manager
bmidgley	wavez	1	No specific role
bmidgley	bluez	0	Developer
bmidgley	bluetooth-alsa	1	Developer
bmidgley	jamd	0	Developer
bmidgley	sbc	0	Developer
bmilde	rdc7tool	1	No specific role
bmilde	jnewsdruid	1	Developer
bmildner	openprog	1	Project Manager
bmildner	fct	1	All-Hands Person
bmillenium	bmillenium	1	No specific role
bmiller	blinky	1	Project Manager
bmiller	ttt	1	Project Manager
bmiller	gtkimhtml	1	No specific role
bmiller	solmix	1	No specific role
bmiller	otf2tex	1	No specific role
bmillham	hnfapmon	1	No specific role
bmillham	win32-gui-skin	1	Project Manager
bmillo	morejava	0	Developer
bmilton	memphismensa	1	All-Hands Person
bmioch	practicemaster	0	Developer
bmiranda	apuama	1	No specific role
bmirecki	pizzashop	1	No specific role
bmirecki	webdesktop	1	No specific role
bmitev	kiax	0	Tester
bmj2001	csound	0	Tester
bmk06	pipe2	1	All-Hands Person
bmk1	authfail	1	No specific role
bmk1	chgrep	1	No specific role
bmoberly	brightmoo	1	Developer
bmoen	phlips	1	Project Manager
bmol	dokeos-comp	0	Developer
bmol	dokeos	1	Developer
bmolenkamp	viewpvr250	1	No specific role
bmomjian	pgsql	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bmongar	swingml	0	Developer
bmontealegre	slicklinux	0	No specific role
bmontealegre	vgames	0	No specific role
bmonthy	toolwrap	1	No specific role
bmoof	geeklab	1	Developer
bmoon_m1	starpound	1	All-Hands Person
bmossavari	coppermine	0	Support Technician
bmote	myphpcalendar	1	No specific role
bmotik	texttoonto	1	Project Manager
bmotik	kaon	1	Project Manager
bmovaqar	ifem-os	1	No specific role
bmpc	bmdb	1	No specific role
bmpc	niaencoder	0	Tester
bmrk	leopard	0	Developer
bms5ea	shadownet	0	Graphic/Other Designer
bmsantos	file-spector	1	No specific role
bmsfx	lose	1	No specific role
bmsleight	morphix	1	Developer
bms_spc	tcpdump	0	Developer
bms_spc	libpcap	0	Developer
bmt1a	yep	0	No specific role
bmu123	ospp	1	No specific role
bmuirhead	pwss	1	Developer
bmuller_cofc	mysitemaker	1	Developer
bmuller_cofc	openfim	1	No specific role
bmulligan	basti	1	Developer
bmulligan	ccts	1	No specific role
bmulling	panda3d	0	No specific role
bmurrayc	pdl	0	No specific role
bmuruganantham	weblookexpress	1	Project Manager
bmury	hamlib	0	Developer
bmuskalla	phpxmldb-api	1	Developer
bmuskalla	easyeclipse	0	Developer
bmustiata	darkbytes	0	Developer
bmustiata	gtkmysql2php	1	No specific role
bmv	dronix	0	No specific role
bmvarun	sparrow	0	Developer
bmvbab	rvmonopoly	1	No specific role
bmwael	kopi	1	Project Manager
bmwal_2_	blocks-mobile	1	No specific role
bmwboy	littlebb	1	No specific role
bmwboy	yabbseplus	1	No specific role
bmwboy	smartbb	1	No specific role
bmwboy	smartbbs	1	No specific role
bmwedi	entai	0	Doc Writer
bmw_m6	netspotter	0	Developer
bmw_power	aeryn	1	No specific role
bmx900080	ifree	1	No specific role
bmxwrestler180	pong-4	1	Developer
bmx_creations	mafiamp	1	No specific role
bmyatt	sharpwircd	1	No specific role
bmyatt	weaklinksircd	1	No specific role
bmyatt	mircdaemon	1	No specific role
bmyatt	sukines	0	No specific role
bmyatt	dreamircd	1	Project Manager
bmyatt	irctextbox	1	No specific role
bn29	sudokolib	1	No specific role
bnabholz	phpwebcrawl	1	No specific role
bnaffas	shag-gui	0	Developer
bnaffas	razor-iv	1	No specific role
bnaffas	razor-rad	0	Developer
bnaffas	xmlpipedb	0	Developer
bnantz	svgdomcsharp	0	Developer
bnantz	sushiwiki	0	No specific role
bnantz	logkit-net	1	No specific role
bnantz	aspell-net	1	No specific role
bnantz	andante	1	No specific role
bnantz	netbuildconvert	1	No specific role
bnantz	nantcontrib	0	Developer
bnbeckwith	papermill	1	No specific role
bnblazer	jtransplant	1	Project Manager
bnbn2006	qxtools	1	Project Manager
bnbteamchirho	efiction	1	No specific role
bnc	dhq	0	No specific role
bnc	planetlab	0	No specific role
bndev	bndev	1	Content Management
bndr	pvgiant	1	No specific role
bneely	bloxornet	1	No specific role
bneely	stagefright	1	No specific role
bneijt	ccbuild	1	Developer
bneijt	metalinks	1	Developer
bneijt	pwxgen	1	Developer
bnesse	openwbem	0	Developer
bnet	formsgenerator	0	Developer
bneumann	kbframework	1	All-Hands Person
bnewhall	syllable	0	Web Designer
bnewhall	sna-os	0	Developer
bnfb	fitster	0	Developer
bng	corephpalbum	1	No specific role
bnguenther	pstome	1	No specific role
bnh	finance-quote	0	No specific role
bnhd	csjava	0	Developer
bnicholes	ganglia	0	Developer
bnicholes	omc	1	Developer
bnickel	sharpbible	1	No specific role
bnicu	myphpcatalog	1	No specific role
bnikolov	bdmn	1	No specific role
bnilsen	libqxt	0	Developer
bnimon	guestbookadmin	1	Project Manager
bnimon	phpackages	0	Developer
bnimon	phpttotalcms	1	Developer
bnimon	outside-photos	1	Project Manager
bnimon	filelist	1	Project Manager
bnimon	filemanage	1	All-Hands Person
bniset	yakwa	1	No specific role
bniset	spg-cgi	1	Project Manager
bniset	pydbmgr	1	No specific role
bniset	ivytools	0	Project Manager
bnisly	hbaverify	0	Developer
bnisly	hbaapi	0	Developer
bnisly	hbaprovider	1	Developer
bnivek	avatar-rit	0	Developer
bnj-ksu	bnj	1	No specific role
bnjmn	felix	0	Developer
bnkrazy	cfurlencrypt	0	Developer
bnleong	chmxml	1	No specific role
bnll	mailsomething	0	Developer
bnll	mapi	0	Developer
bnll	dlhttpd	0	Developer
bnll	twit	0	Developer
bnll	sklsforum	1	Developer
bnmnetp	multilens	1	No specific role
bnn1	dexlib	0	Developer
bnorton916	jkonquest	1	No specific role
bnovak	buba-pg	1	Project Manager
bnovc	generic-page	0	Developer
bnsapkota	wsmx	0	Developer
bnsapkota	ordi	0	Developer
bntix	v-cms	1	No specific role
bntuucsd	tgdgrpg	0	Developer
bnunnally	chcchurch	0	No specific role
bnw	neodb	1	No specific role
bnx	bnx	1	No specific role
bn_	templo	1	No specific role
bn_sido	weconnect	1	No specific role
bn_tf	yahoopubfirefox	1	No specific role
bo2000	dkjs	1	Developer
boabhan	jsynthlib	0	Developer
boaddrink	phpformmail	1	All-Hands Person
boaglio	linkssaver	1	No specific role
boaglio	mentaframework	1	Developer
boakley	tkdiff	1	No specific role
boakley	tcllib	0	Developer
boanergesjr	popproxy	1	No specific role
board707	www-sms	0	Developer
boarder	j2eeforum	0	Developer
boarder2	wgui	0	Developer
boardin_bob	b4browser	0	Developer
boardsonair	dogma-ng	0	Developer
boardsonair	j2ssh	1	No specific role
boardsonair	jgedcom	1	No specific role
boardwalker	gradebooks	0	Developer
boardwalktech	emcd-exchg-form	0	Developer
boastard	boastmachine	0	Developer
boatmeme	hamsam	0	Developer
boats1982	is0607	1	Analysis / Design
boatzhou	esde	1	No specific role
boatzo	cvt	1	No specific role
boaz2020	kstat	1	No specific role
boazg	fatns	1	Developer
bob-cat	hge	0	Developer
bob-dylan	gtkstep2	1	No specific role
bob-dylan	polyplayer	1	No specific role
bob-dylan	mp32vorbis	1	No specific role
bob-johannessen	roundcubemail	0	No specific role
bob-obob	receptionist	1	No specific role
bob-wilson	xtensa	0	Developer
bob007	b7geps	1	No specific role
bob1961	brlcad	0	Developer
bob27	biobox	0	Graphic/Other Designer
bob27	natow	1	No specific role
bob27	glazier	1	No specific role
bob27	glote	1	No specific role
bob27	glass	1	No specific role
bob27	glchess	1	No specific role
bob27	sass	1	No specific role
bob27	dogfight	1	Developer
bob3571	antim	1	No specific role
bob3695	dragster	1	Project Manager
bob3695	scriptzone	1	All-Hands Person
bob5000	streamers	1	No specific role
bob909	asioc	1	No specific role
bob9960	libgramofile	1	No specific role
bobafett	controlit	0	No specific role
bobalca	mathx	1	No specific role
bobalicious	openpsd	1	No specific role
boban	xmlwebgui	0	Web Designer
boban	perlsms	0	Web Designer
bobarino	krimpy	1	Developer
bobas	miranda-vqchat	1	No specific role
bobas	vqcc-gtk	1	Developer
bobathtmldotcom	barracuda-api	1	No specific role
bobaxander	aeroastro	1	Developer
bobballi	aikernel	0	Developer
bobbelle	cobricks	0	Developer
bobbercheng	opccomu	1	No specific role
bobbercheng	jabbin	0	Developer
bobbert	mp3catalogue	1	No specific role
bobberu	dps902-foobot	0	Developer
bobberuski	onboardc	0	Developer
bobbin007	xbmc	0	Developer
bobbin007	xbplayer	0	Developer
bobbitt	albumpl	1	Developer
bobbitt	album-php	1	Developer
bobbix	chaperon	0	Developer
bobbmt	susefaq	0	Content Management
bobboau	alliance	0	Developer
bobbocanfly	ecrypt	1	No specific role
bobbocanfly	debaser	1	No specific role
bobbocanfly	net-os	1	No specific role
bobbocanfly	text2speech	1	No specific role
bobbokop	simbiotic	1	Developer
bobbus	metrowidth	0	Developer
bobbwhy	nicoletta	1	No specific role
bobbyallen	zantastico	1	No specific role
bobbyblade	modrpg	1	No specific role
bobbybrasko	tgdb	1	No specific role
bobbybrasko	cgdb	1	No specific role
bobbyclee	neohacker	1	Unix Admin
bobbyfisher5	mymaps	0	Developer
bobbyjack	vistex	1	No specific role
bobbykennedy44	phpwebsite-comm	0	No specific role
bobbykennedy44	phpwsbb	0	Tester
bobbykennedy44	phpwslanguages	1	Project Manager
bobbymcr	math-symbolic	0	Developer
bobbynations	nounit	0	No specific role
bobbynations	shunit	1	Developer
bobbyone	magiccollection	0	Developer
bobbyone	toaster	0	No specific role
bobbysou	mucom	0	All-Hands Person
bobbywatson	inkubator	0	Developer
bobby_newmark	libdotxfile	1	No specific role
bobby_zpoc	pocmin	1	Project Manager
bobc	linux-karma	1	No specific role
bobc	tonefree	1	No specific role
bobc	freetantrum	1	No specific role
bobcar	angal	1	Project Manager
bobcat_zed	archive-access	0	Developer
bobchao	clubgear	0	Support Manager
bobchic	morphelette	1	No specific role
bobcook2	mclegocompiler	1	No specific role
bobcook47	cellbe-cygwin	0	No specific role
bobcousins	jdarth	0	No specific role
bobdavies2000	opencvlibrary	1	Project Manager
bobdayley	ivm	1	No specific role
bobdean	dbmix	1	Project Manager
bobdev	redmsn	1	No specific role
bobdibble	supbro	1	No specific role
bobdig	archprox	1	No specific role
bobdoyle	skybuildersasp	1	No specific role
bobdoyle	skypipes	1	No specific role
bobdrzyzgula	display	1	No specific role
bobe	stacox	1	Developer
bobe	exmm	1	Developer
bobeal	firemen	0	No specific role
bobeldevil	eccs	0	No specific role
bobelfreund	genephp	0	Developer
bobend	thorsencode	1	Developer
bobenrieth	tikiwiki	0	Tester
bobenrieth	tikeyswiki	1	No specific role
bobenrieth	jxrtf	1	No specific role
bobeobi	olver	1	No specific role
bobertlo	x-pl	1	No specific role
bobertlo	dwars	1	No specific role
bobertlo	sinflators	1	No specific role
bobesponja	javarama	0	Developer
bobface	spacething	1	Project Manager
bobfan	mos2	1	No specific role
bobfcsoft	oip	1	No specific role
bobfcsoft	opndrs	1	No specific role
bobfcsoft	simpl	1	Developer
bobfcsoft	ioanywhere	1	No specific role
bobfcsoft	drdaq	1	No specific role
bobfirth	memoryplace	1	Developer
bobfirth	amamp	0	No specific role
bobforger	mc-gcj	1	No specific role
bobfoster	peggen	1	No specific role
bobfoster	prebop	1	No specific role
bobg	phperl	0	No specific role
bobg1963	meedios	0	Graphic/Other Designer
bobhahn	opensourcecrm	0	No specific role
bobhutch	mysql2php	1	No specific role
bobibobi	mkde	1	Project Manager
bobiciel	maxforms	1	No specific role
bobince	pyxml	0	Doc Writer
bobinoo	spongestats	1	No specific role
bobintetley	sqlrecordset	1	No specific role
bobintetley	swingwt	1	Developer
bobintetley	swtswing	0	Developer
bobintetley	fruitybanking	1	Developer
bobintetley	sheltermanager	1	Project Manager
bobintetley	ooweb	1	Developer
bobintetley	jcom2	1	No specific role
bobintetley	comconnect	1	Developer
bobix	dreamos	1	Unix Admin
bobi_kg	linuks	0	Developer
bobjarvis	minnestore	1	Developer
bobjelly	gamedesk	1	Developer
bobjr777	mduel-java	1	No specific role
bobkali	pytharp	1	No specific role
bobkopp	paleomag	1	No specific role
bobkrouse	knock	1	Project Manager
bobl	pyckett	1	Project Manager
boblangill	remorse	0	Developer
boblarkin	meshbox	1	Developer
boblemanouche	iptcmetadata	1	No specific role
bobli3p	deviki	1	No specific role
boblun	libaudioio	1	No specific role
boblun	utah-glx	1	No specific role
bobmalooga	modern	0	No specific role
bobman128	phpbbmodsandup	1	No specific role
bobman52	labview	1	Developer
bobmarcum	goanna	0	Developer
bobmarion	one-cms	1	Developer
bobmarion	nsnnuke	1	Project Manager
bobmarion	nukescripts	1	Project Manager
bobmarion	nsncart	1	No specific role
bobmarion	bbto1cms	1	Developer
bobmarion	bobmarion	1	Project Manager
bobmcbob	robx	1	No specific role
bobmccormick	dominium	1	All-Hands Person
bobmcelhinney	jogre	0	Tester
bobmckenzie	xbox-linux	0	Developer
bobmedley	bookex	0	No specific role
bobmetelsky	dotnetopensrc	0	Editorial/Content Writer
bobmilkman	phpmailscript	1	No specific role
bobmitchelldfs	inunit	1	No specific role
bobmr	knowledgemap	0	Developer
bobmunger	datapages	1	Unix Admin
bobo1on1	lighter	1	No specific role
bobo74	thehorde	0	Developer
bobo919	mdbx	1	No specific role
boboegr	aratora	1	No specific role
bobofdoom	hackndev	1	Developer
bobofdoom	xinq	0	Developer
bobofdoom	garux	0	Developer
bobold2	vts	0	No specific role
bobomallo	mscross	1	Developer
bobopinna	moodle	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bobort	mp3burn	1	No specific role
bobosebastien	frenchmozilla	0	No specific role
boboxx	mlproject	1	No specific role
bobproject	bobproject	1	No specific role
bobpskier	smartfrog	0	Developer
bobpykoon	ebxmlms	0	Developer
bobpykoon	ebmail	0	Developer
bobpykoon	piazza	0	No specific role
bobrik	open-scores	0	No specific role
bobrivers	tcsessionlogger	1	No specific role
bobrkp	brownbag	0	Developer
bobrock	gpfelert	1	No specific role
bobroe	skulepenguins	0	Developer
bobrooney	xboxmediacenter	0	Graphic/Other Designer
bobr_	kehei-wiki	1	Project Manager
bobs1	dedx	1	No specific role
bobsacks	matriccalc	1	No specific role
bobsandor	phpscim	1	No specific role
bobsavage	steamweasel	1	All-Hands Person
bobscheff	ionicfusion	0	Developer
bobse	cocodonkey	0	Doc Writer
bobseekone	spumoni	0	Developer
bobsf	chainssh	1	No specific role
bobshen	boblog	1	No specific role
bobshen	bmforum	1	Developer
bobsky	toaster	1	No specific role
bobsky	magiccollection	1	Project Manager
bobsky	disblend	1	No specific role
bobsky	flowflowmania	1	No specific role
bobsledbob	phptransform	1	No specific role
bobsmith	win32forth	0	Developer
bobsnopes	megaboard	1	Developer
bobsquatch	xrootconsole	1	No specific role
bobsson	rpg-maker	1	Project Manager
bobsta63	iguanabts	1	Developer
bobsta63	limebb	1	No specific role
bobstay	zic	1	No specific role
bobstayton	dita-ot	0	Developer
bobstayton	docbook	1	Developer
bobstayton	dtdparse	0	No specific role
bobsuss	bobware	1	No specific role
bobswann	spencerdex	0	Developer
bobt	pnphpbb2	1	Developer
bobtay5	jbackgammon	0	Developer
bobthc	rockbox	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bobtheowl2	lunchtime	1	No specific role
bobtheowl2	starcd	1	Project Manager
bobtreacy	thedata	1	Developer
bobu21	loki-exp	0	Developer
bobuse	tuxrip	0	Developer
bobvodka	tgtl	1	Developer
bobvodka	oglwfw	1	No specific role
bobvork	scorekeeper	1	No specific role
bobwoods	avida	0	No specific role
bobych	tkcommander	1	Project Manager
bobyew	akamak	1	Project Manager
bobyew2	akamak	1	Developer
bobyjoe	xroadracer	1	No specific role
bobz	aa-project	0	Developer
bobzam	vts	0	No specific role
bobzomer	allamania	1	No specific role
bob_appleyard	xpas-age	1	No specific role
bob_armstrong	jsvalidate	0	Tester
bob_bakh	radiusftn	1	Developer
bob_bakh	argus	1	Project Manager
bob_barter	collective	0	Developer
bob_er	atari8	1	No specific role
bob_galloway	openmerchant	0	No specific role
bob_green	charlemagne	1	No specific role
bob_holcomb	positron	1	Developer
bob_le_gob	scol	0	Project Manager
bob_marlin	sim-icq	0	No specific role
bob_marlin	kxicq	1	Developer
bob_marlin	epfe	1	No specific role
bob_repository	stud-tapestry	1	No specific role
bob_schwarzmann	wonder	0	Developer
bob_smith	simulus	1	No specific role
bob_smith	skimmer	1	No specific role
bob_smith	blade	1	No specific role
bob_smith	gold	1	Developer
bob_steen	pinetree	1	No specific role
bob_the_hamster	maint-scheduler	1	Developer
boca4711	anyedit	0	Developer
bocadillo	nomemory	1	No specific role
bocamicro	linux-daq-usb	1	Developer
bocamicro	linux-daq-pci	1	Developer
bocamicro	linuxdaq-pcmcia	1	Developer
bocarberry	dsillustrator	1	No specific role
bocardo	javaspc	1	All-Hands Person
bocata	gtetrinet	1	Project Manager
bocaweb	mucom	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bocaweb	muclub	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bocaweb	mualum	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bocaweb	muquiz	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bocaweb	mupet	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bocaweb	evideo	0	No specific role
bocaweb	coursenotebook2	1	Developer
boce	tucson	1	No specific role
boce	tuprolog	0	No specific role
bochi-	amarok	1	Developer
boching	mismo-net	1	Developer
bochs-gdb	bochs-gdb	1	No specific role
bocinneide	qucs	0	Tester
bock	doomlegacy	0	Developer
bockenek	omnisockets	1	Project Manager
bockhorst	learntocontrol	1	No specific role
bockisch	let	1	No specific role
bockisch	dsanote	1	No specific role
bockmabe	securenfs	1	Project Manager
bockmabe	mpigalib	1	No specific role
bockman	rescueroadways	1	No specific role
bockus	xsd2als	0	Developer
bocochoco	wowstatistics	1	No specific role
bocom	masterkill	1	No specific role
boconnor	svg-graph	0	Developer
boconnor	sqlfairy	0	Developer
boconnor	gmod	0	Developer
boconnor	genoviz	0	Developer
boconnor	celsius	0	Developer
boconnor	turnkey	1	Developer
boconnor	apachemp3	0	Developer
boconnor	biopackages	1	No specific role
boconnor	jyrax	1	No specific role
boconnor	multiplex	0	Developer
boconnor	nelsonlab	1	Developer
bocosaq	anarchyoffline	0	Content Management
bocosaq	evilpandy3d	0	Graphic/Other Designer
bod1	simplejava	1	No specific role
bod1e	kde-czech	0	No specific role
bodcruz	bodington	0	No specific role
boddman	csp	1	Project Manager
bodea	libcli	0	Developer
bodea	l2tpns	1	Developer
bodensee	saturncamapplet	1	No specific role
boder	escape	1	No specific role
boder	smclone	0	All-Hands Person
bodewes	toesonline	0	Developer
bodewig	ant-contrib	0	Developer
bodewig	xmlunit	1	All-Hands Person
bodger	xpertmud	0	Developer
bodhiheart	simulants	1	Project Manager
bodhisatva	artlight	1	Project Manager
bodhi_revo	revo-forum	1	Project Manager
bodhi_revo	powerbb	1	No specific role
bodhuin	jenes	0	Developer
bodiam	comicreader	1	No specific role
bodiddlie	founderssaga	1	Developer
bodin	myechelon	1	Developer
bodisiw	ninjabattles	0	Doc Writer
bodisiw	oildrop	1	Developer
bodisiw	icelazer	1	No specific role
bodisiw	tabtone	1	No specific role
bodkin	livingathome	1	No specific role
bodkin	reacts	1	No specific role
bodnar	olduvai	0	No specific role
bodoa	geld-her	1	Developer
bodowenzel	yuccadvent	1	Project Manager
bodowenzel	phoinix	1	No specific role
bodo_bach	tguntella	1	Developer
bodq	udpredir	1	No specific role
bodq	bretus	0	Developer
bodq	winlibre	0	No specific role
bodrick	javamu	1	No specific role
bodrin	eprom	1	No specific role
bodydigital	jrci	0	Graphic/Other Designer
bodyhead	ava-sbs	0	Developer
bodyscripts	phpwsplugins	0	Developer
boecke	rayging	1	Developer
boee	sendnr	1	Unix Admin
boeger	qrwho	1	No specific role
boeger	jnine	1	No specific role
boeginho	jopenarena	1	Project Manager
boeginho	jcompose	1	Developer
boehl	foa	0	Tester
boehme	odem	0	No specific role
boehme	cif	1	Project Manager
boehmst	softback	0	No specific role
boehr	ajaxsudoku	1	No specific role
boekholt	jedmodes	1	Project Manager
boele	jmspeex	1	No specific role
boelkstoff	php-blog	0	No specific role
boelthorn	xchatlisp	1	No specific role
boelzebub	simple-inside	1	Project Manager
boeni	reload	1	Developer
boeningc	vpopmail	0	Developer
boenzlip	orxonox	1	No specific role
boerboon	g15daemon	0	All-Hands Person
boercher	lunar-eclipse	0	Developer
boercher	lcdproc	0	Developer
boerdijk	kaupunki	1	Project Manager
boerdijk	rwx	1	No specific role
boerdijk	ndoclet	1	No specific role
boereck	mac	0	Developer
boernieat	chicago1925	1	Developer
boersc	impfarm	0	Developer
boertjie	boer	1	No specific role
boeschv	javaexplorer	1	All-Hands Person
boeschv	jesktop	0	Developer
boeschv	jesktopapps	0	Developer
boesemar	snmpgraph	1	No specific role
boesj	mx5000lib	1	No specific role
boe_	boe-dcm	1	No specific role
bofeiker	virago	1	Project Manager
boffbowsh	chloroform	1	No specific role
boffo	ggz	0	No specific role
boffo79	stonering	0	Developer
boffo79	officeflix	1	No specific role
boffo79	voidserver	0	Developer
boffy31	compressmp3	1	No specific role
boffy31	eraofthetycoon	1	No specific role
boffyflow	jathlete	1	No specific role
boffyflow	atleto	1	No specific role
bofh3ll	ds-mod	0	Developer
bofh666	aureal	0	Developer
bofhdk	koha	0	Developer
bofh_hannibal	unixdcontrol	1	No specific role
bofh_rootman	foxadmin	1	Unix Admin
bog	rpgmadness	0	Developer
bog2731	trogh	1	No specific role
boga	myspellx	1	No specific role
boga	macautotest	1	No specific role
boga	macbinconv	1	No specific role
boga	machoviewer	1	No specific role
boga	xsym4gdb	1	No specific role
bogaard	exchange4linux	1	Distributor/Promoter
bogaards	sdif	1	No specific role
bogado	gnoremote	1	No specific role
bogado	palmoslua	1	Developer
bogatjo	limewireusb	1	No specific role
bogdan	nextobjects	0	Developer
bogdan73	strafe	0	Developer
bogdan94202	architecturware	0	Developer
bogdan94202	lachesis	1	Developer
bogdanalexandru	securityprivacy	0	No specific role
bogdanc64	dictinry	0	No specific role
bogdand	gatos	0	Developer
bogdanflorin	camellia	0	No specific role
bogdangrosu	winvfs	0	No specific role
bogdanmarian	livo	1	No specific role
bogdano	alice4j	1	Project Manager
bogdano	jirafa	1	Project Manager
bogdanov_denis	crossxcm	1	No specific role
bogdanpiotr	silsm	1	No specific role
bogdans10	crystalinstall	1	No specific role
bogdans10	asneditor	1	No specific role
bogdan_alexe	enstphoto	1	No specific role
bogdan_alexe	mobilus	1	Developer
bogdan_avtsftwr	avt-skin	1	No specific role
bogdan_iancu	cpled	1	No specific role
bogdan_iancu	openser	1	No specific role
bogdan_iosif	business-arena	0	Graphic/Other Designer
bogdan_sabau	facturi2k7	1	No specific role
bogeblad	infoglue	1	Project Manager
bogeblad	radixcms	1	No specific role
bogeblad2	infoglue	1	No specific role
bogeorg	c-it	1	Developer
bogeymin	ini2qf	1	No specific role
boggin	hitchhikes	1	All-Hands Person
boggle	hvs	1	Developer
boggwuro	amorphous	0	No specific role
boggy	kryp	1	No specific role
bogiboy	opsim	0	Developer
bogjon	jdataforms	1	No specific role
bogleg20	zdt	1	Developer
boglerc	mds	0	No specific role
bogo0923	er-project	1	No specific role
bogomillowitsch	cordial	1	No specific role
bogomip	scrimbot	1	No specific role
bogomips	abscnc	1	Developer
bogomipsone	tablefashion	1	No specific role
bogosj	jpimp	1	No specific role
bogosj	emmdash	0	Developer
bogotech	jnntpe	1	Developer
boguslawfraszko	jtimesheet	1	Unix Admin
boguslawfraszko	jteach	1	Unix Admin
boguslawfraszko	classfinder	1	Unix Admin
bog_tom	phpbb2modificat	1	All-Hands Person
bohappa	eternalrealms	0	Doc Writer
bohemius	j2meunit	1	Developer
boherlin	musica	1	Project Manager
boherlin	picrw	1	No specific role
bohhem	competence	1	Developer
bohnsack	openxcat	0	Developer
bohoran	ssh4j	0	Developer
bohtvaroh	curd	1	No specific role
bohwaz	jamendo	0	No specific role
bohwaz	lencrier	1	No specific role
boicdelo	sgaweb	0	Developer
boichee	mightyoffice	1	No specific role
boikai	l2peek	1	No specific role
boilermaker	mediaportal	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
boilingsoul	boilingsoul	1	Developer
boing350z	openidm	0	Developer
boing350z	jambalaya	0	Developer
boinger	spoejs	1	Doc Writer
boingo1	boingowifitool	1	Project Manager
boingoemb	boingowifitool	0	Graphic/Other Designer
boingo_charlie	boingowifitool	1	Developer
boinked	care2002	0	Developer
boiral	wysiup	1	No specific role
boisdulac	remotenews	1	No specific role
boisgona	xmlcpg	0	Developer
boism	yagdiff	1	No specific role
boism	smerge	0	Developer
boissier	kalah	1	No specific role
boisso	kmeleon	1	Developer
boisvert	cweb	0	Developer
boisvert	jdbm	1	Project Manager
boisy	toolshed	1	Developer
boisy	drivewireserver	1	No specific role
boisy	relic	1	No specific role
boisy	cc6809	0	Developer
boisy	osnine	0	Developer
boisy	nitros9	1	No specific role
boiteu	sgaweb	0	Developer
boja	smarttcl	1	No specific role
boja	pctvgtk	1	No specific role
bojak71730	cwmessenger	1	Developer
bojandjakovic	bankingsystem	1	No specific role
bojanhrnkas	venividiwiki	0	Developer
bojanic	lwp	0	Developer
bojanic	blazelist	0	Developer
bojan_d	websnap	1	No specific role
bojan_d	oslivehelp	1	Developer
bojar	nltools	0	Developer
bojar	manarchive	1	No specific role
bojar	mosesdecoder	0	Developer
bojer	ogal	1	No specific role
bojicas	pyledger	1	No specific role
bojohan	erc	1	Developer
bok	bento4	1	Developer
bok	atomix	1	No specific role
bok	neptune	1	No specific role
bok	melo	1	No specific role
bok	mikado	1	No specific role
bokeoa	tesseract-ocr	0	Developer
bokeoa	cairn	0	Developer
bokeron	bokeron-script	1	No specific role
bokic	picprog	1	No specific role
bokic	statika2000	1	No specific role
bokic	remote713x	1	No specific role
bokkers	rss-builder	1	No specific role
bokkers	brlcad	0	Developer
bokky	personalbackup	0	Developer
boklm	eyc	1	No specific role
boklm	httpeer	1	No specific role
boklm	xawak	1	No specific role
boknesmonster	sagemmanager	1	No specific role
boknesmonster	dialogpalette	1	No specific role
boknesmonster	amarokfs	0	No specific role
bokorn	brikx	1	No specific role
bokowski	barat	1	Project Manager
bokowski	tritos	1	No specific role
bokvamme	ers-ass	1	Developer
bokvamme	ers-cmdr	0	Tester
bokvamme	tapclean	1	No specific role
bol	bol	0	No specific role
bol2007	dpmod	1	No specific role
bolacha	tinymarbles	0	Developer
bolacha	talos	0	Developer
bolawl	safsdev	0	Developer
boldenpm	blackjackoop-gr	1	Project Manager
bolder	opiner	1	No specific role
boldewyn	powerplant	1	Developer
boldewyn	view-source	1	Developer
boldingl	dbloader	1	No specific role
boldingl	jmyadminyadmin	1	No specific role
boldingl	instantlinux	1	No specific role
boldingl	phpmydirectory	1	No specific role
boldingl	project42	1	No specific role
boldingl	freecache	1	No specific role
boldingl	gnucms	1	Project Manager
boldischarm	hiberbean	1	No specific role
boldra	jaff	1	No specific role
boldra	corpuscifre	1	No specific role
bolducr	millebv	0	No specific role
bolek	amxmod	1	Project Manager
bolek2250	dialogus	1	All-Hands Person
boler	gaim	0	Developer
bolert	altcant	1	No specific role
bolinches	ksetiwatch	0	Doc Writer
boliver	draconet	0	Developer
bollacker	digir	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bolli	mailgate	1	No specific role
bollig	vlab	1	Developer
bollini	dspace	0	Developer
bolo	flatfrog	1	No specific role
bolo1729	crystalview	1	Developer
bologna	d-invent	1	Project Manager
bologna	dynamic-router	1	Developer
bologna	forest-all	0	Developer
bolognesi88	zweb	1	No specific role
bolotin	steelbreeze	1	No specific role
bolotron	mp4web	1	No specific role
bolsen_src	leos	1	Developer
bolsog	palmvoc	1	No specific role
bolsog	imskpe	1	Project Manager
boltfish	tfs	1	No specific role
bolton2005	boltonchalk	1	No specific role
boltrix	umit	1	Developer
boltrix	webvhc	1	No specific role
boltrix	reporty	1	No specific role
boltthrower	bspg	1	No specific role
bolverker	sluhacs	0	Developer
bolzt	lubbock	0	No specific role
bom	dfront	1	No specific role
bom5mue	ki-chi	1	No specific role
bom5mue	apacheerror	1	No specific role
bomba2	sig2dat	1	No specific role
bombadil69	cce	1	Developer
bombardier	dangerdeep	0	Developer
bombastic	tuxtype	0	All-Hands Person
bombastic	noink	0	Developer
bombasticbob	feedingtime	0	Graphic/Other Designer
bombasticbob	snowballz	0	Graphic/Other Designer
bomber	lucidcms	0	No specific role
bomber0	find	1	No specific role
bomber0	sbce	1	No specific role
bomber009	organdesigner	0	No specific role
bombera	mysql-faq	0	No specific role
bomberboy	sciteflash	1	No specific role
bombermatt	bomberlike	0	Developer
bomberr	efrpg	1	Project Manager
bomber_1	rpgmadness	0	Developer
bombinet	bombinet	1	No specific role
bombphp	yume	0	Developer
bombur	sigmaplayer	1	No specific role
bomeyer	jprogect	0	Developer
bomi	ntb	1	No specific role
bomm	esniper	0	Developer
bommis	krinein	0	Developer
bomple	mitaub	0	Web Designer
boms	bjseek	1	No specific role
bon	protftpd	0	Developer
bonacchi	pmango	0	Developer
bonachea	gasnet	1	No specific role
bonam	learningobject	1	No specific role
bonam	cjavamail	1	No specific role
bonami	ezproject	1	No specific role
bonan_li	geovistastudio	0	Developer
bonatto	holo	1	Project Manager
bonaventura8	abeam	1	No specific role
bonboncat	skyeye	0	Developer
bonbons	kjig	1	No specific role
bonbonthejon	taylorcclass	1	No specific role
boncz	streettivo	0	Developer
boncz	monetdb	0	Developer
bond007s	supportcenter	1	No specific role
bond007s	reactx	1	No specific role
bonda01	wumpus	1	All-Hands Person
bondarczar	coc-cards	0	No specific role
bondar_dmitry	cortex-manager	1	No specific role
bonder	nteam	0	No specific role
bonds	tmvolume	1	No specific role
bonebakker	mtloadgenerator	1	No specific role
bonebill	chainstor	1	No specific role
bonebill	bagley	1	No specific role
boneblaster	kat	0	Developer
bonechair	mcreator	1	No specific role
bonefish	open-beos	0	Developer
bonefish	opentracker	0	Developer
bonefry	wchecker	1	No specific role
boneill	nphpa	1	Project Manager
boneill42	lesa	1	No specific role
bonemachine	axkit-docs	0	Doc Writer
boneman187	firm	1	No specific role
bonep	apgf	1	No specific role
bonerek	freenetis	0	Developer
bones0	tpwinkey	1	No specific role
bones0	spyamp	1	No specific role
bones0	rve	1	No specific role
bones120	centrallix	0	Developer
boneslug	teg	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bonestorm	unipdleague	1	Project Manager
bones_0	spfgb	1	No specific role
bones_0	analysenotiz	1	No specific role
bonex	phpmyboard	1	No specific role
boneyard	boardsearch	1	Project Manager
bone_idol	plexusap	1	Project Manager
bonforum	bonforum	1	All-Hands Person
bonfyre	darkworlds	0	Developer
bongomaster	bongosurfer	1	Project Manager
bongomaster	bashlcr	1	No specific role
bongoots	spamproofwiki	0	Developer
bongz	mp3sorts	1	No specific role
bonhamcm	quartz	0	Developer
bonhorst	accesschecker	0	No specific role
bonichon	pigale	0	Developer
bonieq	neomule	0	Web Designer
bonifaceaw	conpar	0	Doc Writer
bonikforever	logstats	1	Developer
bonitz	cobricks	0	Developer
bonk1138	unixnet	1	Project Manager
bonk1138	ntsh	1	No specific role
bonken	mysystemskin	1	No specific role
bonkers	vmbear	1	No specific role
bonkers13	bare	0	Developer
bonkersbobcat	seq	0	Developer
bonkerzbanks	nsssecwrap	1	No specific role
bonkerzbanks	activex-barcode	1	No specific role
bonki	dmnc	1	All-Hands Person
bonmpo	synon2hbm	1	Developer
bonndan	wordog	1	Project Manager
bonndan	phpbibman	1	No specific role
bonndan	phpbasis	1	No specific role
bonniehips	hollys	1	Developer
bonnie_aurusov	labcpu	0	Developer
bonnie_brag	labcpu	0	No specific role
bonnie_goins	insecurewebapp	0	All-Hands Person
bonnie_prohorov	labcpu	0	No specific role
bonnie_smetanin	labcpu	0	Developer
bonniot	nice	1	Project Manager
bonniot	simpleprofiler	0	Developer
bonniot	sualtam	1	No specific role
bonniot	packages	1	No specific role
bonnyfused	sylpheeddoc	0	Developer
bono02	alif	0	Developer
bono22	robosoft	0	No specific role
bono22	radiator	0	Developer
bonon	asc2silo	1	No specific role
bonon	matgen	1	No specific role
bons	elle	1	Developer
bonsaikitten	gentoocygwin	1	Project Manager
bonstead	mirrormug	1	No specific role
bonstead	max10	1	No specific role
bontaquila	powerengine	0	Developer
bonvenon	neat-web	1	No specific role
bonzaii	armygenereal	1	No specific role
bonzer	owasp	0	Developer
bonzer1	bonzer1	1	No specific role
bonzi	what32	0	No specific role
bonzini	sed	0	No specific role
bonzini	libsigsegv	1	Developer
bonzo105	ceaxar	1	No specific role
bonzodog	unitywiki	0	No specific role
bonzoesc	rapesay	1	No specific role
bonzoesc	adminspy	1	No specific role
bonzom	bcd	0	Developer
boobaa	biblia	1	Project Manager
boobaa	tutos	0	No specific role
booba_skaya	jsynoptic	0	Developer
booba_skaya	sears	1	Project Manager
boobie	mailartilce	0	Developer
boocockp	tesl	1	No specific role
boocockp	gen2j	1	No specific role
boocockp	jamda	1	No specific role
boocockp	dwingo	1	No specific role
boocockp	prevdb	1	No specific role
boocockp	aptor	1	No specific role
bood	x2blog	0	No specific role
boogahsmalls	mutewastehybrid	0	Developer
boogaloo	popups	1	No specific role
boogalord	tappedaudio	1	Developer
boogalu	lparse	1	No specific role
booge914	sharpbackup	1	No specific role
boogerbear	sagaj	0	Developer
boogerclub	rudeboycurve	1	No specific role
boogerman	pctv-remote	1	No specific role
booggytk	booggytk	1	Developer
boogie33	ttsphphtml	1	No specific role
boogie33	ttscrm	1	No specific role
boogie33	ttsbugs	1	No specific role
boogie33	ttschat	1	No specific role
boogie33	phprte	1	No specific role
boogie33	phpboogie	1	No specific role
boogiemann	geneotree	1	No specific role
boogiepanda	oekakios	1	No specific role
booglebox	inmsngr	0	Tester
boogoo	trustidportal	0	Developer
boogs	ypslideoutmenus	1	No specific role
boogs	ypstuff	1	No specific role
boogs	sleight	1	No specific role
boogyman12	jmsnchat	1	No specific role
boogyman12	javasaim	1	No specific role
boogyman12	jaime	1	Developer
boohaus	openb2b	0	Developer
booiiing	rtl-ddp	1	Developer
boojit	conky	0	Developer
book	pmnew	1	No specific role
bookaa	exetoc	1	No specific role
bookchiq	phpipn	1	No specific role
bookchiq	churchoffice	1	Developer
bookchiq	litlog	1	No specific role
bookedout	motelier	1	No specific role
booker_xx	obsdlgui	1	No specific role
booker_xx	kingdomconquest	1	No specific role
booker_xx	devnull	1	No specific role
bookface	pyigs	1	No specific role
bookfolk	obiblio	0	Developer
bookholt	klear	1	Developer
bookmarks	bmarksportlet	1	No specific role
booksley	requestcast	0	Developer
booksmartbilly	ecal	1	Project Manager
bookstack	pyaws	1	Developer
bookworm09	jobservatory	0	Developer
bookworm911	phptoilet	1	All-Hands Person
bookysmell2004	gscalculator	1	No specific role
bool	sqs-xml	1	Project Manager
bool	xeditium	1	No specific role
bool101	hintsd	1	Developer
booleandog	yaxx	0	Developer
booleanman	bugsappender	1	No specific role
boolean_machine	hide	1	Developer
booleong	smwebadmin	1	Developer
booleong	smsafe	1	No specific role
booloo	netdisco	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
boom-dk	mocca	1	Developer
boom-dk	zierp	0	Developer
boomberschloss	dsptools	0	Developer
boomer1015	basics	0	Developer
boomer70	pcgen	0	Developer
boomer70	pcgendm	0	Developer
boomer70	pcgendocs	0	Developer
boomerboss	zatacka	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
boomhauer	xbrowse	1	No specific role
boomhauer	dotcommerce	1	No specific role
boomhauer	ndatavision	1	No specific role
boomhauer	nexchange	1	No specific role
boomhauer	chesswar	1	No specific role
boomhauer	gamexml	1	No specific role
boomhauer	gameconfig	1	No specific role
boomhauer	openstreets	1	No specific role
boomhauer	openjdo	1	No specific role
boomhauer	opendroid	1	No specific role
boomhauer	jsp-nuke	1	No specific role
boomhauer	jtalk	1	No specific role
boomhauer	jspmail	1	No specific role
boomhauer	jstlauction	1	No specific role
boomhauer	jstlforum	1	No specific role
boomhauer	phpjsp	1	No specific role
boomhauer	knowbase	1	Project Manager
boomslang	hoobernetwork	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
boomslanger	gtkatcher	1	No specific role
boondock	arepf	1	All-Hands Person
boone	lucid	0	Developer
boonegoon	phpchurchcms	1	No specific role
boonegoon	pieceofcake	1	No specific role
booner	bannerex3a	1	Developer
boonex_group	boonex-dolphin	1	No specific role
boonhau	atutor	0	Developer
boonkhao	html-app-edit	1	No specific role
boonn	tgonline	1	Developer
boonzee	zipeg	1	No specific role
boooring	kalgebra	1	No specific role
booot	ank99	1	No specific role
booradley	preatorial	1	Developer
boost	xmmsd	1	No specific role
boosted	hippy	0	Developer
boost_admin	boost	0	Developer
boost_cxx	boostcxx	1	Project Manager
boost_xiong	trate	1	No specific role
bootc	tmdcwebpad	1	Project Manager
bootc	daap	1	Project Manager
bootc	picodebian	1	No specific role
boote	thrulay	0	Developer
boote	chrolog	0	Developer
boote	ndt	1	Developer
bootfast	dijjer	0	Developer
booting	path-finder	1	No specific role
bootix	wincore	1	No specific role
bootsector	waste	0	Developer
bootsector	mutewastehybrid	0	Developer
bootsector_os	bootsectoros	1	No specific role
bootsector_os	juleds	1	Tester
bootshine	libgf	0	No specific role
bootsma	linuxvm	0	Developer
bootstrap666	pinga	1	Developer
bootstrap666	sarien	0	Developer
bootstrapmaster	proof	0	No specific role
bootyjuice	jed-d2h	1	Developer
boovie	massiv	1	Developer
booyabazooka	jwikitools	1	No specific role
boozai	leputty	1	All-Hands Person
boo_boo	bttrk	1	No specific role
boo_boo	qtuneroid	1	No specific role
boo_boo	z80ex	1	No specific role
boo_radley	apoplexy	1	No specific role
bop	xenon	1	No specific role
bopens	struts-nbx	1	No specific role
bopferma	ganymede	1	Developer
boppa8	lazylinks	1	All-Hands Person
boppgaven	shopmodul	1	No specific role
bor	supermount-ng	1	Project Manager
bor	zsh	0	No specific role
boran	opennac	1	All-Hands Person
borane	betster	1	No specific role
borang	bpmspace	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
boran_blok	eightballstrike	1	Developer
boran_blok	kennismanager	1	No specific role
boraso	iscsitarget	0	Tester
boraso	pyandy	0	No specific role
borat	sdtcon	1	All-Hands Person
borax00	orca-robotics	1	Project Manager
borax_	forumfr	1	Unix Admin
borba	oktracker	0	No specific role
borbasl	thepegasuscms	1	Project Manager
borboss	roboemu	1	No specific role
borboss	ctdos	0	Developer
borchers	iros	1	Project Manager
borchid	x64emu	1	No specific role
borco	avijoin	1	No specific role
bordbar	dblue	1	Project Manager
bordbar	bluecal	1	Unix Admin
bordelais7	jolo	0	Web Designer
bordercore	bordercore	1	No specific role
bordingl	jdaogen	1	No specific role
bordini	jason	1	Developer
bordo	boost-extension	0	No specific role
bordo	genome	0	Content Management
bordovskiyvi	xmlfacility	1	No specific role
bore	openmts	0	Developer
borealis	gremlin	0	Developer
borec	olms	0	Developer
borech	creen	1	Developer
boredblog	boredblog	1	No specific role
boredindividual	project-pluto	1	Developer
boredom_inc	cellsim-gol	1	No specific role
boredzo	growl	0	Developer
boredzo	iconfamily	0	Developer
boredzo	adium	0	No specific role
bored_coders	boring-sudoku	1	No specific role
bored_games	littlekingdom	1	Project Manager
bored_so	orionrpg	1	No specific role
boren	gtkpod	0	Developer
boresexpress	sito	1	No specific role
boretti	moreforgprolog	1	No specific role
boretti	asm2class	1	Project Manager
boretti	prologonjava	1	No specific role
borfast	cdx	0	Developer
borfast	mrjones	1	No specific role
borfaux	runesword	1	Developer
borg	sttr	1	Developer
borg231	projectmanagfh	0	Developer
borg2of7	musiccenter	0	Developer
borg389	bnthelper	1	All-Hands Person
borg8401	banana-p2p	1	No specific role
borgasm	phynd	1	Developer
borgdrone	gnupgaim	0	Developer
borgdrone	tunez	0	Developer
borgel	log4domino	1	Developer
borgena	quickdoc	1	No specific role
borgers	oopl	1	Project Manager
borge_strand	cd-drive-dsa	1	No specific role
borghesi	jmax	0	Developer
borghesi	sdif	0	No specific role
borghesi	ftm	1	Project Manager
borgj	xmerge	1	Project Manager
borgmajr	ecal	0	Developer
borgond	iplclient	1	Developer
borgra	jxls	0	No specific role
borgsdorf-ost	hacker-contest	1	Developer
borgsdorf-ost	runge-desktop	1	Developer
borgsdorf-ost	runge-server	1	No specific role
borgsphere	squirrelcms	1	All-Hands Person
borgues	javagendacard	1	Project Manager
borgulya	hd-kuta	1	No specific role
borgulya	hu-p-cancer-reg	1	All-Hands Person
boriaw	cplab3	1	Project Manager
borillo	jsign	1	No specific role
borin	pattlib	1	Developer
boringwind	athenacms	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
borinsky2407	moodle	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
boris	gtknw	1	No specific role
boris	tuxscreen	0	Developer
boris	ferite	1	Project Manager
boris	enlightenment	0	Developer
boris	linux-7110	0	Developer
boris	crikey	1	No specific role
boris914	ffw	1	No specific role
borisbat	proposall	1	Project Manager
borisbez	pronostiek	1	No specific role
borisboesler	programanalysis	0	No specific role
borischervenkov	codecourse	1	Developer
borischervenkov	inetjava	1	Developer
boriscj	pmailsync	1	No specific role
borisdev	stars-py	0	Web Designer
boriskanazawa	joone	0	Developer
boriskhv	regxp	0	Developer
boriskhv	xmlapplication	0	Developer
boriskhv	xanswer	0	Developer
borislav	fairsched	1	No specific role
borislav	ibm-acpi	1	No specific role
borislav	bkernel	1	No specific role
borislavpopov	sesame	0	Developer
borislavzlatkov	netcal	0	No specific role
borismalcov	phpmygrades	1	No specific role
borison	netsqladmin	1	No specific role
borison	oote	1	No specific role
borisreitman	pliant-perl	1	No specific role
borisscha	genpw	1	No specific role
borisschaefer	musicman	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
borissov	nadin	0	Developer
borisu	ezquake	0	Developer
borisusun	finkelbeer	1	No specific role
borisvalera	desniff	1	No specific role
borisvl	smsj	0	Developer
borisvl	texlipse	0	Developer
borisvolfson	meta-framework	1	No specific role
borisvs007	cwruser	0	Project Manager
borisz	pagekit	1	Project Manager
boris_brodski	threedebug	1	Developer
boris_daich	rampart-toolkit	1	No specific role
boris_daich	copyfile	0	Developer
boris_hu	ipw2100	0	No specific role
boris_hu	xcgl-port	1	Developer
boris_i	freedoom	0	No specific role
boris_javert	jjounal	1	No specific role
boris_mikhaylov	bs2b	1	No specific role
boris_popov	owlrb	1	No specific role
boris_popov	scmforenvy	0	Developer
boris_popov	sesil	0	Developer
boris_popov	glorp	1	Developer
boris_tk	fe2	1	No specific role
borja	gt3ide	1	Project Manager
borja	gsbt	1	No specific role
borja-marcos	opencms-es-tr	1	No specific role
borjabi	exanet	1	Project Manager
borjabi	cecaxi	1	No specific role
borjabi	asciimathml-com	1	No specific role
borjaespin	vgmapeditor	1	Developer
borjanja	pigbib	0	No specific role
borjatarraso	spacemessenger	1	Developer
bork3	commonbot	0	Developer
borkhuis	phpgedview	0	Developer
borklug	joule	1	No specific role
borko	pascal-int	0	No specific role
borko_b	bhdz-lib	1	No specific role
borko_b	diamandos	1	No specific role
borko_b	rjewel	1	No specific role
borkra	miranda	0	Developer
borkutip	antiexcel	1	All-Hands Person
borkutip	hudoc	1	No specific role
borkware	cocoaheads	1	Developer
borkweb	borkclan	1	No specific role
borkxorfoo	pythexe	1	No specific role
borman	letalka	0	Web Designer
bormotov	e-biblos	1	Analysis / Design
bormuff98	calmness	1	Developer
born2snipe	nasa	1	Developer
born2snipe	planofattack	1	No specific role
bornagain	snp-dragon	1	No specific role
bornayuan	bornayuan	1	No specific role
bornburnt	ofm	1	No specific role
borndigerati	tinyos	0	No specific role
bornemann	mod-tidy	1	Project Manager
bornet	opencvlibrary	1	Developer
bornet	opencv	1	Unix Admin
bornet	waba	1	Project Manager
bornet	pyverif	1	No specific role
bornholtz	fsaxmlregistry	1	Developer
bornholtz	eeat-hpcp	1	All-Hands Person
bornholtz	xmlregistry	1	No specific role
bornhorstj	irock	1	Project Manager
borniet	image-resizer	1	No specific role
bornik	tomcatide	1	No specific role
borning	cassowary	1	Developer
borntobeonline	tmlight	1	Project Manager
borogove7	libhash	1	Developer
boromax	venice	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
boron_mine	defcon1	1	Developer
borosgabor	kyssa	1	All-Hands Person
boroshan	jobclient	1	No specific role
borota	winwhizzytex	1	No specific role
borpe	hardtokenmgmt	0	Developer
borrami	squid-authentic	1	No specific role
borrillis	ceguisharp	0	Developer
borrillis	dnpb	0	Developer
borrillis	monoxna	0	Tester
borrillis	planeshift	0	No specific role
borrillis	axiomengine	1	Developer
borsanza	xlinart	1	No specific role
borsanza	xlion	1	Developer
borsanza	monocalendar	1	No specific role
borsanza	msn4lin	1	All-Hands Person
borschet	architecturware	0	Developer
borso	gisampro	0	Doc Writer
bort	dbconnect	0	Developer
bort	pimp	1	All-Hands Person
bort	partikelgallery	1	No specific role
borto	gmodconfig	1	No specific role
bortoluzzi	phplib-univali	1	No specific role
bortov1	suneido	0	Developer
bortweb	crossfire	0	Developer
bortz	lln	0	No specific role
bortz	echoping	1	No specific role
bortz	delambre	1	No specific role
borud	modvideo	1	Project Manager
borugu	borgxdcc	1	Developer
borundin	ogre	0	Developer
borup	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
borutk	isportal07	0	Developer
borutr	gpsim	1	Developer
borutr	picprogwin	1	No specific role
borutr	sdcc	1	Developer
borvik	dbwebmail	1	Developer
borysmarcelo	protux	0	Developer
borysmarcelo	flash4linux	1	No specific role
borysoc	interpascal07	0	Developer
borysoc	apii-ugen	0	Developer
borzs	wustenplanet	0	Developer
borzy	spacemapper	0	No specific role
bos	btpq	1	All-Hands Person
bosaly	netadm	0	Developer
bosc	gslwrap	0	Developer
bosc	imlib3d	1	Project Manager
boschial	lptransfer	0	Developer
boschis	jaff	1	All-Hands Person
boscmaverick	open-beos	1	Developer
bosco_	tame	0	Developer
bosc_bozovic	sophos-edu	0	Developer
bose	openvrml	0	Developer
boseefus00001	ge-kml	1	No specific role
bose_de_nage	lwp	0	Developer
bose_de_nage	blazelist	0	Developer
boshare	organic	1	Developer
boskar	acdo	1	Project Manager
boskowsky	pktfilter	0	No specific role
bosky	openvetmed	0	Developer
bosky	shoutcastpls	1	No specific role
bosky101	js-in	1	Project Manager
boskya	ggrace	1	No specific role
boslandm	morcell	1	No specific role
boslandm	voip-blaster	1	All-Hands Person
bosmacs	jbossman	1	No specific role
bosmeeuwt	jjoin	1	No specific role
bosna	hackman	1	No specific role
bosna	mytrack	0	No specific role
bosna	linuxports	1	All-Hands Person
boson	jpeg2swf	1	No specific role
bosones	osonefoundation	1	No specific role
boss1	boss	1	Developer
boss1	meddac	1	Developer
boss32	icqbotd	1	No specific role
bossakov	meltdown-bbs	1	No specific role
bossat	extsync	1	No specific role
bossbarber	zebulon	1	Project Manager
bosse666	desecrator	1	No specific role
bosseb	audacity	0	Developer
bossekr	ppcboot	1	No specific role
bosslsd	diplomka	1	No specific role
bosso	eddithesquirrel	1	No specific role
bossone	karambar	1	No specific role
bossone	krecipes	1	Developer
bossos	bossarmos	1	No specific role
bossquibble	sunnyday	1	Developer
bosstweed	darkdistricts	1	All-Hands Person
bossung	bibforjava	1	No specific role
bossung	exist	0	Developer
boss_rahn	ofmtools	0	Support Manager
boss_source	proto-ip	1	No specific role
boss_source	lfs-doc	1	No specific role
boss_source	jadw	1	No specific role
bosta	trustidportal	0	Developer
bosterm	btnode	0	Developer
bostone	regxj	1	No specific role
bostrick	sarplot	1	No specific role
bostrick	ksgen	1	No specific role
bostrick	pypalm	1	No specific role
bostrick	pyks	1	No specific role
bot	tgk	1	Web Designer
bot47	goron	1	No specific role
botaniste	omail	0	Project Manager
botbck	tamagotchi	1	No specific role
botbotdingzip	proteinfolding	1	No specific role
boteroxxx	ogameplayer	0	Developer
botg	filezilla	1	Project Manager
botg	fipps	1	No specific role
bothapn	octopussy	1	No specific role
bothapn	redant	0	Developer
bothapn	jackle	1	Unix Admin
botheredbybees	ica05	1	No specific role
bothie	e2compr	1	Project Manager
bothie	sharedaemon	1	Project Manager
bothie	tbc	1	No specific role
bothner	jemacs	1	No specific role
bothy	radiomaster	0	Developer
botik32	sagl	1	No specific role
botik32	ndi	1	No specific role
botik32	zurlman	1	Developer
botik32	grplib	1	No specific role
botik32	czui	1	No specific role
botmaker	emp2p	1	Developer
botorabi	yag2002	1	Project Manager
botovanton	unirovi	1	Developer
bots-br	debian-br	1	No specific role
botservice	game-x	0	No specific role
botshark	botshark	1	No specific role
botsie	xfce	0	Developer
botsie	linux-india	0	No specific role
botsutoshi	super-impegnato	1	No specific role
bott	myericsson	1	No specific role
bottaioli	ass-lss	1	No specific role
bottar19	janimator	1	No specific role
bottazzi	gbutils	1	No specific role
bottema	nibble	1	All-Hands Person
bottemanne	adware-pillory	1	No specific role
botten	pydbgeng	1	No specific role
bottle18	spoejs	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bottledrichie	miniboard	1	No specific role
bottlehall	solarpower	1	No specific role
bottleimp	bottleimp-forum	1	Developer
bottleimp	bottleimp-mama	1	No specific role
botturil	door	1	Project Manager
botuguay	voip4all	1	Developer
botulism	rociproject	0	Developer
botuly	hmcenter	0	No specific role
botum	logilogi	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
botya	jatomic	1	Project Manager
botzy	new-rpc	0	No specific role
bot_o0o	femkii	1	No specific role
bouassoule	qlor	0	Developer
bouassoule	j2ee4all	0	Developer
bouazza	motu	1	All-Hands Person
boubakar	lseos	0	No specific role
bouchaib	jmiditools	1	No specific role
bouchbro	mediaphiend	1	No specific role
boucherb	hsqldb	0	Developer
bouchon	phpexp	1	Project Manager
bouchon	webacces	1	Developer
boucman	irmp3	1	Project Manager
boud	kura	1	No specific role
bouda1	numexp	0	Developer
boudartjj	dotnetftpclient	1	No specific role
boudartjj	gogogo	1	No specific role
bouddha	platon	0	Developer
bouden	jbgen	1	No specific role
boudewijnector	wephpalizer	1	No specific role
boudewijnector	worklock	1	Project Manager
boudewijnector	nemidion	1	No specific role
boudewijnector	clf2mls	1	No specific role
boudewijnector	subfonsion	1	No specific role
boudewijnector	gfn-overlay	1	No specific role
boudewijnector	gdsplayer	1	No specific role
boudewijnector	fust	1	No specific role
boudewijn_	yabble	0	Developer
bouf10	phpquebec	1	Developer
boug	metacosm	0	Graphic/Other Designer
boughtonp	academy	1	No specific role
boughtonp	beehiveforum	1	Project Manager
bougnoux	wxwindows	0	No specific role
bouhdevel	openc2s	1	No specific role
bouille	bsyslog-agent	1	No specific role
bouillot	jmax	0	Developer
boulanger	tcladdressbook	0	Developer
boulay02	dazibo	0	Project Manager
bouldcl1	debuilder	0	Developer
bouldin	l2peek	1	Project Manager
boulestreau	levergame	1	No specific role
boulestreau	cvk	1	Developer
boulgackov	doublecmd	0	Developer
boulis	sensorware	0	Developer
boultonj	gchch	0	All-Hands Person
boulzh	waffles	1	No specific role
boulzh	gnuology	1	No specific role
boulzh	isotope	1	No specific role
boum	powermanga	0	Developer
bouma	manux	0	Developer
boumenot	net-amazon	1	Developer
bouncyj	sync-j	1	Project Manager
boundary	anlif	0	No specific role
boundsyco	gamescrafters	1	Developer
bounouar	cclib	0	Developer
bounty_arz	ldapfax	1	Project Manager
bourbaki	monkeydo	1	No specific role
bourbaki	monod	1	No specific role
bourbaki	monkeyrun	1	No specific role
bourbakillo	fisimula	1	No specific role
bourdari	papco	0	Developer
bourdenas	vine-engine	1	No specific role
bourges	xtnt	0	Developer
bourilkov	codesh	1	No specific role
bourne2	verlihub	1	Developer
bourov	freedata	1	Project Manager
bourqui	auber	0	Developer
bourrellon-f	swbuilder	1	No specific role
bourtemb	taco	0	Developer
bourtemb	tango-ds	0	Developer
bourtemb	tango-cs	0	No specific role
bourtemb	esrflinuxio	0	Developer
bousraou	psnmp	0	Developer
boutcher	ibmvio	1	No specific role
boutensj	rainserv	1	No specific role
boutensj	foldersync	1	No specific role
bouthors	yawn	1	Developer
bouthors	mygraph	1	Project Manager
boutigny	astrofits	1	No specific role
boutzevp	sksd	1	No specific role
boutzevp	pixla	1	Developer
bouv	phpchangelog	0	Project Manager
bouvet_s	gridpain	1	Developer
bouvigne	lame	1	No specific role
bouzid1	powl	0	Developer
bovalic	rjclient	1	No specific role
bove027	estlogger	0	Developer
bove027	estsearchdlgs	0	Developer
boverhof	pywebsvcs	1	Developer
boverman	webmanager	1	No specific role
bovesoft	matocad	0	Web Designer
boveurman	phpfaq	0	Web Designer
boveyking	bking	1	Unix Admin
bovfmu	spheon-jsoap	1	Project Manager
bovilexics	javaph	1	No specific role
bovine13	firelight	1	No specific role
bovineone	passwordsafe	0	Developer
bovmos	spheon-jsoap	1	Project Manager
bovril	fswardrobe	1	No specific role
bovsha	spheon-jsoap	0	No specific role
bovy	powert2s	1	No specific role
bowenb13	bradob	1	Developer
bowensun	jxim	1	Project Manager
bowenz	lams	0	No specific role
bower12345	blackrune	1	No specific role
bowerman	taxfree	1	Developer
bowerymarc	collective	0	Developer
bowiel	vaporcd	0	Developer
bowkore	bowkore	1	No specific role
bowlby	kvg	1	No specific role
bowlfish	bowlfish	1	Project Manager
bowlich	damasca-tck	0	Graphic/Other Designer
bowlingx	pragmamx	1	Developer
bowmanj	pyadtools	1	Project Manager
bowmanje	mtac	0	No specific role
bowmanmc	bgchanger	1	No specific role
bowmanre	bgchanger	0	No specific role
bownie	qsynth	1	No specific role
bownie	rosegarden	0	Project Manager
bowtievette	efi332	1	Project Manager
bowzer	mirex	1	No specific role
bow_der_kleine	xblc	1	Project Manager
box2321	ovo127	1	No specific role
boxbanga	qtturntable	1	Developer
boxed	boxedirc	1	No specific role
boxedboy	i-mageic	0	No specific role
boxedboy	gecco-uml	1	No specific role
boxx	personalblog	0	Developer
boxxa	anoninbox	0	Developer
boxy_	semanager	1	No specific role
boy1906	guytime	1	No specific role
boyakasha	msnsniff	1	Project Manager
boyan	crystal	0	Developer
boyan	pycsel	1	Project Manager
boyan	cel	0	Developer
boyde	mingw	0	Developer
boydon	necrotoolz	1	Developer
boyd_chris	teamtalk	1	Project Manager
boye	saftest	0	Developer
boyeestudio	boyeeediter	1	No specific role
boyeestudio	uliplayer	1	No specific role
boyerchen	thebreed	1	Developer
boyerchen	linux-tv	1	Unix Admin
boyjenius	atomodel	1	No specific role
boyko	fieldtools	1	All-Hands Person
boykot	enlightenment	0	Graphic/Other Designer
boylizard	rekey	1	No specific role
boylizard	easyburn	1	No specific role
boymice	chinaroller	1	No specific role
boynannan	ftpat	1	No specific role
boynoid	family-center	1	No specific role
boyns	muffin	1	No specific role
boyns	mebay	1	No specific role
boyns	rplay	1	No specific role
boyo	calvingames-se	0	Developer
boyohboy17	ruachdb	1	Developer
boyohboy17	larva	1	Developer
boyom	sumo	0	Developer
boyrock	snortadapter	1	No specific role
boyrock	squidreporter	1	No specific role
boyrock	phpwebsite-comm	0	Developer
boyrock	winidentd	1	No specific role
boyrock	rlogtools	1	No specific role
boyrock	issuetrack	1	No specific role
boyrock	jobharvest	1	No specific role
boyrock	vidmotion	1	No specific role
boyska	gaim-antismile	1	No specific role
boyska	openscout	1	No specific role
boyski	objcmp	1	All-Hands Person
boytheouk	elfdatadicttrie	1	No specific role
boytjie	wavelet	0	Developer
boywant	pad-chat	1	No specific role
boywowboy	netmanageutils	0	Developer
boywowboy	betacomp	0	Developer
bozetits	ingeniweb	0	Developer
bozhang	minichinput	1	No specific role
bozho	console	1	Project Manager
bozidarka	jspwidgets	0	No specific role
bozimmerman	coffeemud	1	Developer
bozimmerman	cgidb	1	No specific role
bozimmerman	emutil	1	No specific role
bozmy	iassistant	1	No specific role
bozo	toc	1	All-Hands Person
bozo	libfunutil	1	No specific role
bozo	qub	1	Developer
bozoktr	karnaugh-map	1	No specific role
bozovision	tikipro	0	Tester
bozo_fr	speedtouch	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bozsahin	openccg	0	Developer
bozy	mimic	1	No specific role
bozy	botnet	1	No specific role
bozza90	qperl-xml	1	No specific role
bozzaj	phpmailer	0	Developer
bozze	tikiwiki	0	Developer
bozzio	fasttemplate	1	No specific role
bozzio	npadmin-pm	1	No specific role
bozzio	ceps	0	Project Manager
bozzz	pcmt	0	No specific role
boz_x	onboardc	1	Developer
boz_x	recast	0	Developer
bo_kjaer	cswa	1	Developer
bpaduraru	intellix	1	No specific role
bpaduraru	j2eeforum	0	Developer
bpage	opengame3d	1	No specific role
bpahls	nose	1	No specific role
bpalacz	graphflow	0	Developer
bpaquier	gtl2	0	Developer
bparish	bigsister	0	Developer
bparsia	cweb	0	Developer
bpaschilk	simtoolapplet	0	Developer
bpasero	ftpowl	0	Tester
bpasero	rssowl	1	Developer
bpasero	wisim	1	Developer
bpass	runuo	1	Developer
bpass	buddyfs	1	Project Manager
bpassingham	sharpen	1	No specific role
bpat1434	roundcubemail	0	Content Management
bpatters7	jgum	1	No specific role
bpayne	chatkit	1	No specific role
bpbeckett	wbmc	1	Project Manager
bpbuild	biopackages	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
bpc	cachecc1	1	No specific role
bpc	jaluna	1	Developer
bpdooley	mepsth	0	Unix Admin
bpdp	phpatient	1	No specific role
bpdp	php-ftp	1	All-Hands Person
bpdxstaff	txmlini	0	Developer
bpe2	imaproxy	1	No specific role
bpeabody	boost-sandbox	0	Developer
bpearcy	streetprint	0	Developer
bpearlmutter	cserv	0	Developer
bpearlmutter	djvu	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
bpearlmutter	kolmogorov	1	Project Manager
bpeavey	bookmarkstogo	0	No specific role
bpeck	javapongclock	1	No specific role
bpederse	mapspork	1	No specific role
bpederse	pjax	1	Developer
bpederse	wms-map	1	No specific role
bpedersen	nicos	0	No specific role
bpedersen	taco	0	Developer
bpedro	mod-quota-ldap	1	Developer
bpedro	mbyc	1	No specific role
bpedro	phdwait	1	Project Manager
bpelt	maxuae	1	Developer
bpelton	rainengine	1	Developer
bpelton	terralib	1	No specific role
bpendleton	prefuse	0	No specific role
bpendleton	dhcpj	1	No specific role
bpendleton	securevnc	1	All-Hands Person
bpeng2000	rpy	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
bpepple	nautilus-flac	1	No specific role
bpereira	doomlegacy	1	Developer
bperetto	brewthology	1	Project Manager
bperin	skipflix	0	Developer
bpetersen	prc-tools	0	Developer
bpeterso	sjinn	1	No specific role
bpeterso	waddl	1	No specific role
bpetrovi	jvftp	1	No specific role
bpetrovi	jvtelnet	1	No specific role
bpettichord	rvtest	0	No specific role
bpetty	wxwindows	0	No specific role
bpetty	timap	1	No specific role
bpevangelista	open3dmath	1	No specific role
bpf7635	javaquiz	0	Developer
bpfennigschmidt	digeniusdisk	0	No specific role
bpfoley	warwickmaze	1	Project Manager
bpfowler	zrcube	0	Developer
bpfowler	inkscape	0	Developer
bpfowler	foa	0	Developer
bpfowler	audacity	0	Developer
bpfowler	hfsplusutils	1	No specific role
bphanikumar	diet	1	All-Hands Person
bphanikumar	timeclipse	1	Developer
bpieper	etucms	1	No specific role
bpineau	ort	1	No specific role
bpitz	leaf	0	No specific role
bpiwowar	evalj	1	Project Manager
bplanko	itpmr	0	Developer
bplasmeijer	umlsculptor	0	Developer
bpmtri2002	teamworks	1	Developer
bpmtri2002	xulib	1	Developer
bpmurray	openlink	1	No specific role
bpn-dbird	translucency	0	No specific role
bpocius	leaf	0	No specific role
bpoint	mapalyzer	1	No specific role
bpoint	awdbedit	1	No specific role
bpointer	dcl	0	Developer
bpoka	charva	0	Developer
bpoliako	utplsql	0	Developer
bpolka	subrosa	1	Developer
bponnwitz	jsbase64enc	1	No specific role
bpopescu	turtle-p2p	1	No specific role
bportaluri	staf	0	No specific role
bposerow	mirke	0	Developer
bpossidente	watlab	0	Tester
bpoussin	xmlgridlayout	0	Developer
bpoussin	swixat	0	Developer
bpoweski	owasp	0	Developer
bpp	zimbra	1	Developer
bpp	zimbra-xtras	1	Developer
bpp198	smartypages	1	No specific role
bppn	mondrian	0	Developer
bpras	coderep	1	No specific role
bpratt	okids	1	No specific role
bpreindl	nubric	1	No specific role
bpreusing	pyalbum	1	Developer
bprew	pdxlan	1	No specific role
bprew	mycode	1	No specific role
bprew	trovesendtwo	1	Developer
bprew	gamestats	1	No specific role
bprice2	webcurator	0	Developer
bprice20	aimsniff	0	Doc Writer
bpringlemeir	gtk-gnutella	0	Developer
bproctor	cryogen	1	All-Hands Person
bproenca	arenainf312	1	No specific role
bpruessmann	vajindent	1	Developer
bps7j	socialclub	1	No specific role
bps7j	innotop	1	Developer
bps7j	mysqltoolkit	1	No specific role
bpschuck	sslsigcheck	1	No specific role
bpscotton	phiscalos	0	Tester
bptacek	phphamily	1	Unix Admin
bptacek	pyropost	1	Project Manager
bpugh	moschp7780	0	Developer
bpugh	mcs7780	0	Developer
bpusch	architecturware	0	Developer
bpusch	jipsi	1	Developer
bput	grecipe-manager	0	Developer
bput	roadrouter	1	All-Hands Person
bpwalsh	sgl	0	Developer
bq286	otas	0	No specific role
bqian	talend-studio	0	Developer
bquilitz	fugu	1	Project Manager
bquilitz	darq	1	No specific role
bquilitz	goya3	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bquilitz	nbtressource	1	Developer
bquinlan	silvercity	1	No specific role
bquinlan	pymobile	1	No specific role
bquinlan	pyana	1	Project Manager
br0041	trustidportal	0	Developer
br00t	freednc	1	Project Manager
br0wn	fdms2tools	1	No specific role
br0wn	bxml	1	No specific role
br0wni3	qref	0	Developer
br0x	x0xb0x	1	Developer
br1	olsrd	0	No specific role
br1	madwifi	0	Developer
br1nl3y	oicd	0	Developer
br284	ozymandias	1	No specific role
br284	p2p-http	1	No specific role
br284	books-macosx	1	Project Manager
br284	keyhole	1	No specific role
br284	garmingpstool	1	No specific role
br3z3l	ftp-cat	1	Project Manager
br4wn	mcgallery	1	No specific role
bra	prattcms	0	Developer
braaad	wowuiupdater	1	All-Hands Person
braam	netattach2	1	No specific role
braam	sandiaportals	1	No specific role
braam	intermezzo	1	Project Manager
braam	freendmp	1	No specific role
braam	versionfs	1	Project Manager
braam	umlshapes	1	No specific role
braam	portals	1	No specific role
braam	gkernel	0	Developer
braam	lustre	1	No specific role
braam	libsysio	1	Project Manager
brab	neveredit	0	Developer
brab	openknights	0	Developer
brab	tikiwiki	0	Developer
brab	camlgrenouille	1	No specific role
brab	docaml	1	Project Manager
brabby	phpchrystal	1	Developer
brabec	tmk	1	Developer
brabeler	dredgenet	0	Developer
brabenetz	bp-cms-commons	1	No specific role
brablc	sitebar	1	Project Manager
brabo	controle	1	No specific role
brabudu	expsat	1	No specific role
brabus	monorail	1	No specific role
bracaman	slacktools	1	No specific role
brachiocephalic	reak-xml	1	No specific role
brachman	dacs	1	Developer
bracicot	volity	0	Doc Writer
bracket	gvsp	1	All-Hands Person
brad	flek	1	No specific role
brad	linux-vr	1	All-Hands Person
brad	linux-mips	0	Developer
brad	agenda	1	No specific role
brad	openmms	0	No specific role
brad.bonkoski	phpsportspools	1	All-Hands Person
brad2901	aloe	0	No specific role
bradamiller	team190	1	Project Manager
bradams	gpsspeed	1	Project Manager
bradams	nine	1	No specific role
bradams	mynetpad	1	No specific role
bradanderson	cl-xml	0	No specific role
bradaric	angie-mapper	1	No specific role
bradbaxter	array-each	1	No specific role
bradbeattie	wikiguard	1	No specific role
bradbits	forth2html	1	No specific role
bradbonkoski	livingresume	0	Developer
bradbury	dtn	1	No specific role
bradbutts	shadowplay	0	No specific role
bradcc	j2me-game-lib	0	Developer
bradclow	hibernate	0	Developer
bradcupit	smart-pointers	1	Project Manager
bradd	linuxconsole	0	No specific role
bradd	linux-fbdev	1	Developer
braddabug	libgui	1	Project Manager
braddabug	gk3tools	1	Project Manager
braddock	gnowledge	1	No specific role
braden	semblance	1	Developer
braden	openvrml	1	All-Hands Person
braden	orbitcpp	0	Developer
braden1	code-dump	1	No specific role
bradenloe	perform	1	No specific role
bradenloe	synthesis	1	No specific role
bradenloe	cwc32	1	No specific role
braderunner	xiffian	0	Tester
bradfitz	loserjabber	1	Developer
bradfitz	jlivejournal	0	Developer
bradfitz	cricket	0	Developer
bradford	datalang	1	No specific role
bradford	dbxml-core	1	Developer
bradford	gosh	1	No specific role
bradford	xml-labrador	1	Developer
bradford	juicplusplus	1	No specific role
bradford	embeddb	1	No specific role
bradford	facets	1	No specific role
bradford	spinneret	1	Project Manager
bradfritz	leaf	0	No specific role
bradgraham	eidors3d	0	Developer
bradh	libusb	0	Developer
bradh	linux-usb-test	0	No specific role
bradh	linuxusbguide	1	No specific role
bradh	linux-usb	0	No specific role
bradh	at76c503a	1	No specific role
bradh	zeroconf	1	Project Manager
bradh	zeroconf-net	1	No specific role
bradhanson	ssm	1	No specific role
bradhar	digitalcola	1	Project Manager
bradharley	ledes-1998b	1	No specific role
bradhenry98199	wonder	0	Developer
bradk3	ardreil	0	No specific role
bradking	dicomparser	0	Developer
bradking	vxl	0	No specific role
bradkratochvil	playerstage	0	Developer
bradleej	werx	1	Project Manager
bradley74	gargoyle	0	Tester
bradley74	installfix	0	Tester
bradleyb1537	dxsock	1	No specific role
bradleydot	p6spy	1	Project Manager
bradleyhughes	blackboxwm	1	Project Manager
bradleykuszmaul	cilk	1	No specific role
bradleym	linuxconsole	0	Developer
bradlis7	lysite	1	No specific role
bradlis7	jlyrics	1	No specific role
bradlyon	squirrel-sql	0	Developer
bradman	openplay	0	Developer
bradman	hexedit	0	Developer
bradman	macglquake	1	Project Manager
bradmanning	squeek	1	No specific role
bradmanning	qualityboard	0	Developer
bradmont	classroom	0	Developer
bradmont	moobot	1	Developer
bradmont	syncompudox	1	No specific role
bradmop	speakerworkshop	0	Developer
bradn	wwwroot	0	Developer
bradneuberg	flashjava	1	No specific role
bradob	opx	0	Graphic/Other Designer
bradpeabody	emailprocessor	1	No specific role
bradpierce9903	etest	1	Project Manager
bradpritt	scenelib	1	No specific role
bradrathbun	icradius	1	Project Manager
bradro	fxtrading	1	No specific role
bradsjm	itrailers	1	No specific role
bradsjm	xoapweather	1	No specific role
bradsjm	mediaportal	0	Developer
bradski	openpnl	1	Support Manager
bradski	opencvlibrary	1	Developer
bradsmith	adium	0	No specific role
bradsp	vts	0	Tester
bradstaton	magictoolbox	1	No specific role
bradtofel	archive-access	1	Developer
bradtofel	archive-crawler	0	Developer
bradv	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
bradwall	budgetmaster	1	No specific role
brady79	penguincp	0	Developer
bradyh	saver	1	No specific role
bradym3	phpfriendly	1	No specific role
bradym3	langtut	1	Developer
bradymiller	emr-appliance	1	No specific role
bradzo	totally	1	No specific role
bradzo	psdatacontrol	1	No specific role
brad_beveridge	gtengine	1	Project Manager
brad_f	cddblinkd	1	No specific role
brad_fears	phpcodecabinet	1	Project Manager
brad_fears	node-runner	1	Project Manager
brad_garrett	vireborn	1	No specific role
brad_lane	pvcsplugin4idea	1	Developer
brad_morgan	wowcastparty	0	Developer
brad_tiffany	navdrive	0	Developer
braeker	ajaxobject	1	Project Manager
braekling	buddyp2p	1	No specific role
braempje	qtparted	0	Developer
braese	tportal	1	No specific role
braeucup	amavis	1	Developer
braeuer	oc4-ware	0	Developer
braeuer	oc4ware	0	Analysis / Design
braeuerj	smbios	1	Project Manager
braga	vmailadmin	0	Developer
braga	curlftpfs	1	No specific role
braga	htmlcxx	1	Developer
braga	clf	1	No specific role
bragd	cmsn	1	No specific role
bragr	consuite	1	Developer
bragu	xpg-xml	0	Developer
brahar	filemanage	1	Doc Writer
brahar	filelist	1	Editorial/Content Writer
brahar	guestbookadmin	1	No specific role
brahar	outside-photos	1	Project Manager
brahar	phpttotalcms	1	Project Manager
brahe	perltix	1	Developer
brahima	jntp	1	No specific role
brahim_el	kasws	0	No specific role
brahma	eng3dleveled	0	Graphic/Other Designer
brahmas	de-allybot	1	No specific role
brahmas	gmcx	1	No specific role
brahma_bull_sj	sqlbox	1	No specific role
brahmix	qabalist	1	No specific role
braillon	mgengine	0	Developer
brailove	mitopensource	0	No specific role
brailsmt	cheddar	1	No specific role
brailsmt	twdata	1	Developer
brailsmt	aegiswm	1	Developer
brailz	v-drive	1	No specific role
brainbug	statemachine	0	Developer
brainbug	openxmr	1	No specific role
braindancer	peerguardian	0	Support Technician
braindead0	ibdbrepair	1	No specific role
braindead0	ibfbcoex	1	No specific role
braindead_in	opennetwork	1	Developer
braindesignr	gnoid	1	No specific role
braindigitalis	ircdefender	1	No specific role
braindigitalis	inspircd	1	Developer
braindigitalis	openwinbot	1	Developer
braindigitalis	antidrone	1	No specific role
braine	cybermedica	0	Developer
brainerd	svstream	1	No specific role
brainface_mike	netrisk	0	Developer
braingic	gmounter	1	No specific role
braingic	ermixer	1	Developer
braingic	kmp	0	Developer
braingic	linuxtipps	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
brainhead	uplinknet	1	Project Manager
brainhead	intramail	1	Project Manager
brainiac2k	macrocraft	1	Developer
brainiac5	bluephoton	1	No specific role
brainiac5	meldance	1	No specific role
brainiac5	slyde	1	No specific role
brainjava	ireport	0	Developer
brainlag	hotsanic	0	Developer
brainless01	phpsitekeeper	1	Developer
brainless01	domination	1	Developer
brainless01	dgame	1	Developer
brainless01	openwidgets	1	No specific role
brainless01	openfrag	1	Project Manager
brainless01	razorengine	0	No specific role
brainlinux	opennac	0	Developer
brainlog	ijustice	1	No specific role
brainmaps	nodes3d	1	No specific role
brainmaps	bm-analyze	1	No specific role
brainmedia	dotxsiloader	1	No specific role
brainn	projectpi	0	Developer
brainnolo	yabause	0	No specific role
brainoffline	jspxtags	1	No specific role
brainsail	rising-bubble	1	No specific role
brainsane	annvisualizer	1	No specific role
brainserver	phpxnd	1	Developer
brainslayer	juno6	1	Project Manager
brainspackle	netjuke	0	Developer
brainst0rm	arapuka	0	Project Manager
brainster	gnomp	0	Tester
brainstorm2k3	osbb	1	No specific role
brainstorm2k3	bophpf	1	No specific role
brainstorm2k3	brainrss	1	Project Manager
brainstorm2k3	contentartist	1	Developer
brainwaster	vitamin	1	Unix Admin
brainworx	pdfscout	1	No specific role
brainyac2000	teamleaguesys	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
brainyiscool	phpbbmodders	0	Developer
brainyron	lanchat	1	All-Hands Person
brain_79	universibo	1	No specific role
brain_79	p-consultant	1	No specific role
brain_bench	easy-web-host	1	No specific role
brain_damage	scorched3d-mods	0	Developer
brain_dead	mlm	1	No specific role
brain_dead	libcore	1	No specific role
brain_dead	kread	1	No specific role
brain_dead	kchmnew	1	No specific role
brain_dead	libimage	1	No specific role
brain_floss	liniumrealms	1	Developer
braistedj	pubmesh-tm4	1	No specific role
braistedj	mev-tm4	1	Project Manager
braistedj	tm4	1	Developer
braitmml	openmanip	1	All-Hands Person
brajeshwar	sepy	0	No specific role
brakelm	jedi-apilib	1	Developer
brakiachi	thalisstears	0	No specific role
brakingeven	acd-barguide	1	Developer
brakjoller	pyqe	1	No specific role
brakkar	nascar	1	Developer
brakky	construction	0	Analysis / Design
braklo	oo-sk	1	Project Manager
bram	opende	1	Developer
bram	linuxtuples	0	No specific role
bram	plib	0	Developer
bram	prettypoly	0	No specific role
bram	alpy	1	No specific role
bram	autopilot	0	Developer
brama	vcr	1	No specific role
brama	mp3blaster	1	No specific role
brama	jota	0	Developer
bramadams	prologdoc	1	No specific role
bramakrishna	hyperspeclib	1	No specific role
bramante	cerber	1	Project Manager
bramb123	fuji	0	No specific role
brambi	ntm	0	No specific role
bramblecleaner	aivis	0	No specific role
bramchen	ptw	1	No specific role
bramdejong	florbis	1	No specific role
braml	squirrel-cfg	1	No specific role
bramonb	edm32	0	Doc Writer
bramp	abscnc	0	Developer
bramp	bytetorrent	1	Project Manager
bramsmeets	dwr	0	Developer
bramsmeets	facetsearch	1	Developer
bramsmeets	springframework	0	Developer
bramsmulders	sqlbusrt	1	Developer
bramtervoort	rhp-notifier	1	Project Manager
bramv_cs	ariadnekps	1	No specific role
bramz	pixeltoaster	0	Developer
bramz	lass	1	Developer
bramz	liar	1	Developer
bram_cohen	bittorrent	1	No specific role
bram_cohen	blogbot	0	No specific role
bram_cohen	pycrypto	0	No specific role
bram_ltk	ltkdc	0	Developer
branaway	jacn	1	No specific role
branc0	escola	0	Developer
branc0	my-swatch	1	No specific role
branca13	meditation4all	1	Web Designer
branca13	fortune4all	0	Web Designer
brancacho	warcraft	1	No specific role
brancha	arenajme	1	No specific role
branct	eapm	1	No specific role
brand	bfe	1	No specific role
brand	fprem	0	Developer
brand	openspace	1	Developer
brand	brix-os	1	No specific role
brand	cria	1	No specific role
brand80	slackins	1	No specific role
brand80	nmapsi	1	No specific role
brandall	corpussearch	1	No specific role
brandano	niftools	0	Developer
brandelune	omegat	1	All-Hands Person
brandenm	macbiff	1	Developer
brandfall	pwdstr	1	No specific role
brandfall	programisti	0	Developer
brandilowe	ossuite	1	Developer
brandld	exuniverse	0	Developer
brandmaier	gbm303	1	No specific role
brandmaier	lmms	0	Developer
brandmaier	avatara	1	No specific role
brandmaier	cbt-server	1	Developer
brandmaier	jmusic	0	No specific role
brandon2	deadftp	1	Project Manager
brandon2	gabber	1	Developer
brandon6684	hunley	1	Developer
brandon6684	junecode	1	Developer
brandon6684	tankracing	1	Developer
brandonb	csp	0	Developer
brandondoyle	xmlresume	1	Project Manager
brandonggg	easypage	1	No specific role
brandonh	voydb	1	No specific role
brandonh6k	crplugin	1	Project Manager
brandonhamilton	crystal	0	Developer
brandonjm	randomrecipes	0	Developer
brandonkirsch	mtcsync	1	No specific role
brandonlgolm	aquarium	0	Developer
brandonnelson	daisymfc	0	Developer
brandonnelson	daisymfcgui	0	No specific role
brandonooi	spmg	1	No specific role
brandonooi	enpath	1	Developer
brandonp	gxmodules	1	Project Manager
brandonp	mccmods	0	Project Manager
brandonprudent	content-x	1	No specific role
brandonr	atatk	0	Developer
brandonramirez	acctmgr	1	Project Manager
brandonramirez	chrono-stats	1	No specific role
brandonramirez	hphcounter	1	No specific role
brandonrhodes	openfts	0	Developer
brandonshroyer	cwruser	0	Tester
brandonulrich	scmws	1	No specific role
brandonw	winmac	0	Developer
brandonz	bmud	1	No specific role
brandon_carlo	tskreator	1	Developer
brandon_casey	quesoglc	0	Developer
brandon_cho	zigzagbee	1	Developer
brandon_regard	cocoaftpclient	1	No specific role
brandt110359	vprof	0	Developer
brandtd	castwave	1	No specific role
brandtsegg	improsculpt	1	Project Manager
brandx0	gearwerk	0	Graphic/Other Designer
brandx0	scvt	0	No specific role
brandy007	idee	0	All-Hands Person
brandy007	chariotofhelios	1	No specific role
brandycoke	shoops	1	Developer
brandysb	clamav	0	Developer
brandysb	clammail	1	No specific role
brandysb	fponguard	1	No specific role
braneloc	elric	1	Developer
braneloc	irrlichtsharp	1	Developer
branflake2267	mortgagecrm	1	Project Manager
branflake2267	print-track	1	No specific role
branicki	routenova	1	Project Manager
branimirp	poormanssms	1	No specific role
branko77	jsp2servlet	1	No specific role
brankoj	voix	1	No specific role
brankokokanovic	jdcbot	1	No specific role
branly	gctb	1	No specific role
brann	warrior	0	Developer
brannick	jeb	0	No specific role
brannigan	opengtoolkit	0	No specific role
brano111	openwince	0	Developer
branob	bbsendmail	1	No specific role
branor	sosha	1	No specific role
branqs	dtfatec	1	Project Manager
branqs	perola	1	Developer
branscha	patra	1	No specific role
branscha	mudi	1	No specific role
branscha	sise	1	No specific role
brantc	esconline	0	Developer
brantcarter	nantcontrib	0	Developer
branten	khttpd2	1	No specific role
brantfaircloth	primer3	1	All-Hands Person
brantgurga	mtac	1	No specific role
brantgurga	jedit-community	0	No specific role
brantgurga	scout-ta	1	No specific role
brantgurga	livable	1	No specific role
brantgurga	team-maker	1	All-Hands Person
brantley-oss	linuxperf	0	No specific role
brantleywc	lse	0	No specific role
branx86	bacoutexpress	1	No specific role
branx86	ezbac2cdrom	1	No specific role
branzo	myericsson	0	Developer
branzo	phavon	1	Project Manager
braoult	open-ha-cluster	0	Developer
brap999	epiware	1	Project Manager
braqoon	stormwar	0	Graphic/Other Designer
brase	imbr453	1	No specific role
brasetvik	erwin	1	No specific role
brasfieldm	dijimarc	1	Developer
brasileirinho	minibrasil	1	No specific role
brasonmyguitar	suprnovaxp	1	No specific role
brasonmyguitar	gmailerxp	1	Developer
brasonmyguitar	carassius	1	No specific role
brasscat	simpleshophp	1	No specific role
brasse	necro	1	All-Hands Person
brasseld	jdroids	1	No specific role
brassfire	unknownhero	1	All-Hands Person
brassfire	questnuke	1	No specific role
brasshopper	demime	1	No specific role
brassrat	xsd2db	1	All-Hands Person
bratao	dreamlegendas	1	No specific role
bratao	pootzmod	1	No specific role
bratched	serviceapp	1	No specific role
bratell	iclogin	1	No specific role
bratfisch	ida	0	Developer
bratfisch	ptf	1	No specific role
bratfisch	zerberus	1	Developer
bratfisch	softpear	0	Developer
bratfisch	vdr-analogtv	1	Developer
brathna	jswordsearch	1	Project Manager
brathna	mazesmith	1	Project Manager
brathna	fswordfinder	1	Project Manager
bratin	smlnj	0	Developer
bratislav	yamt	1	No specific role
bratislav	mnsc	1	No specific role
bratkus	jpdfunit	1	Project Manager
bratscherben	j-algo	0	No specific role
bratscherben	gsvn	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bratseth	spif	1	Developer
bratseth	arise	0	Developer
bratuha	abclinux	1	No specific role
braucchr	tlstest	1	No specific role
brauchlik	medimagedb	1	No specific role
brauchlik	impactopolis	1	No specific role
brauchlik	hxp	0	Developer
brauchlik	ipath	1	Project Manager
brauchlik	care2002	0	Developer
braudo	jooleem	1	No specific role
braunewell	easysatpics	1	Developer
braunewell2	easysatpics	0	Tester
braunfn	omms	1	No specific role
braunfn	jiracs	1	No specific role
braunst	jconfig	0	Developer
bravajo	jabbergw	1	Project Manager
bravecobra	pn-dutch	1	Project Manager
bravecobra	bcglyph	1	No specific role
bravecobra	cmsutils	1	Project Manager
bravecobra	xexpress	1	Project Manager
bravehat	pvfs	1	No specific role
bravehat	linconecxon	1	No specific role
braveman	ptc	0	Developer
braveman	calmac	1	No specific role
braverock	xrms	1	All-Hands Person
braverock	squirrelmail	0	Developer
braverock	aistockbot	0	Developer
bravesheng	rbtmanager	1	No specific role
bravesword7	gasolinepursuit	0	Graphic/Other Designer
brave_snoopy	twainlib	0	Developer
bravi	rhex	0	Developer
bravo	jell	1	No specific role
bravo	politico	1	Project Manager
bravomedic	lifeflight	1	No specific role
bravo_kernel	phpmptree	1	No specific role
braxxis	rpg-frame	1	No specific role
brayz	themafiagame	1	No specific role
brazbayu	collective	0	Developer
brazda	apc-aa	0	Developer
brazhe	mfan	1	No specific role
brazhe	iwand	1	No specific role
brazierd	iaxclient	0	Developer
brazilian	superconductor	1	Project Manager
brazmarin	tdrsoft	1	Unix Admin
brazucs	vera	1	Developer
brcha	fuzzyai	1	Project Manager
brcha	serbianc	1	No specific role
brchen	tinyos	0	No specific role
brcummi	fulcrum	1	No specific role
brcwhit	archetypes	0	Developer
brcwhit	collective	0	Developer
brdnikus	isportal05	0	Developer
bre	beatbox	1	No specific role
bread19	agent450	1	Developer
breadcrust	adjustimg	1	No specific role
breadcrust	tclgbp	1	No specific role
breadcrust	tclsigx	1	Developer
breadcrust	smileybattle	1	No specific role
breadcrust	linux-colonel	1	No specific role
breadcrust	pvamdx	1	No specific role
breadcrust	xbashserv	1	Developer
breadman	opennomic	1	Developer
breadstik	cfv1ah	1	Developer
breakbit	backuphp	1	No specific role
breakdown	webloganalyzer	1	No specific role
breaker1	authme	1	No specific role
breaker2015	phpclanladder	1	No specific role
breakevilaxis	breakevilaxis	1	No specific role
breakpoint8088	otlog	1	No specific role
breal	raqbaq	1	Project Manager
brealmz	google-smgen	1	No specific role
breaman	ncfunit	1	No specific role
breaux	jedit	0	No specific role
brec	pokersource	0	Developer
brechin	pfilter	0	Developer
brechin	openxcat	1	No specific role
brechin	mediaman	1	No specific role
bredam000	kubik	1	No specific role
bredan	atlantispbem	1	Project Manager
bredfern	phpsweeps	1	No specific role
bredfern	lula-biz	1	No specific role
bredikhin	marine	1	No specific role
bredikhin	olivamail	1	No specific role
bredikhin	olivamailcore	1	No specific role
bredroll	darkspace	1	No specific role
bredroll	gwip	1	No specific role
breed	pcmcia-cs	0	Developer
breed	airo-linux	1	Project Manager
breedx	nzbperl	1	No specific role
breenjef	gtheorizer	1	Developer
breeny	freerts	0	Developer
breese	cdetect	1	No specific role
breese	ctrio	1	Developer
breese	predef	1	No specific role
breese	libdenise	1	Project Manager
breeze_at_begun	ehs	1	No specific role
breezke	gtsek	0	Tester
brefin	alephmodular	1	Project Manager
brefin	marathon	0	No specific role
brefin	bochs	0	Developer
breflection	rockserv	1	No specific role
breflection	zeitgeist	1	No specific role
breg	sstest	1	No specific role
bregeras	kadix	1	No specific role
bregeras	boheme	1	No specific role
bregmasoft	zygomatic	1	Project Manager
bregmasoft	ztds	0	No specific role
bregmasoft	trion	1	No specific role
bregmasoft	php-editoride	0	Developer
brego	phppath	1	Project Manager
bregro	phpdevstudio	0	Developer
brei4641	our2unes	0	Developer
breidecker	pillow	1	No specific role
breidecker	jtimepiece	1	No specific role
breidecker	jsorter	1	No specific role
breidecker	jeval	1	No specific role
breilly	integratis	0	Developer
breisfeld	pylogbook	1	No specific role
breitenb	decisax	1	No specific role
breitenbucher	aimmath	0	Developer
breitmaulfrosch	ireye	1	Project Manager
breivald	leech	0	Developer
breizh	gomber	0	No specific role
breizh_zion	torrentbroad	1	No specific role
brejao	gham	0	Developer
breker01	nucleuscmsde	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
brelivet	maetys	1	Project Manager
brelivet	yaat	1	No specific role
brelivet	xium	1	No specific role
brelivet	rsg	1	No specific role
breml	ratool	0	Developer
breml	httptunnel	1	No specific role
bremm	gari	0	Doc Writer
bremsklotz	aescript	0	Developer
brenck	jacson	0	Developer
brendan	catgen	0	No specific role
brendan-b	project-pluto	1	No specific role
brendan23	mdn	0	Developer
brendanavery	juju	1	No specific role
brendanbank	modradiusapache	1	Developer
brendanburns	contentwidgets	1	No specific role
brendanduncan	luminaire	1	Project Manager
brendanduncan	maxshade	1	No specific role
brendang	sql-gui	0	Developer
brendangregg	chaosreader	1	No specific role
brendanhowell	freeframe	0	Developer
brendanlaing	biise	1	No specific role
brendanmaguire	javasearch	1	No specific role
brendano	deme	1	No specific role
brendansimon	advantaegis	1	No specific role
brendansimon	wxcvs	1	Project Manager
brendanx	sashimi	0	Developer
brendan_h	mirth	0	Developer
brendan_lefoll	docmanager	1	No specific role
brendan_orr	rstudio	0	No specific role
brendan_orr	aqsis	0	Developer
brenden1	mptactics	0	Developer
brenden1	geninstaller	1	No specific role
brenden1	conky	1	Project Manager
brendenvickery	perdure	1	No specific role
brendes	glx	1	No specific role
brendonmatheson	elts	0	Developer
brendonmatheson	krypton	0	Developer
brendonmatheson	bamboo	0	No specific role
brendonmatheson	pebbleaddons	1	No specific role
brendonmatheson	tellurium	0	No specific role
brendonmatheson	stitchup	1	No specific role
brendyn	jibot	0	No specific role
brenel	financas	1	No specific role
brenes	weso	0	Developer
brenfern	exteca	0	Developer
brengi	fpgalibre	1	Developer
brengi	impressolibre	1	No specific role
brengi	balug	1	No specific role
brenmcguire	framecode	1	No specific role
brenmcguire	medi	1	Project Manager
brenmcguire	mutidimensions	1	Project Manager
brenmcguire	sdsmanager	1	No specific role
brenmcguire	scopes	1	No specific role
brenmcguire	tmlight	1	Project Manager
brenneke	mpos	0	Developer
brennen2789	flloader	1	Project Manager
brennertoledo	btfile2007	1	No specific role
brennor	mwa	1	Developer
brennus	digitaleyes	1	Developer
breno	holymango	1	No specific role
brenof	medimagesuite	1	Project Manager
brenofranca	webapsee	1	Developer
brenojac	newsfighter	0	Developer
breno_leitao	mlxos	0	Developer
brenreyn	ddpi	0	Developer
brentapbryan	jigs	1	No specific role
brentapbryan	swigs	1	No specific role
brentb	lineofsight	1	No specific role
brentbenson	marlais	0	Developer
brentfreeze	rocketworkbench	0	Developer
brentjnordquist	netcomics	0	Developer
brentmarykuca	catakig	0	Developer
brentn	finance-quote	0	Developer
brentoboy	ape-syntax	1	No specific role
brentoboy	winape-includes	1	No specific role
brentonhouse	mutantcode	1	Project Manager
brentonhouse	lepus	0	Developer
brentonhouse	dotnetdata	1	Developer
brentrincker	livestock	1	No specific role
brentsf	bse-clustering	1	No specific role
brentsimpson	exe	1	Web Designer
brentsimpson	pygecko	0	No specific role
brentworden	numeric	1	No specific role
brentworden	doodleproject	1	Project Manager
brentyoung	curl-card-games	1	No specific role
brentyoung	curl-widgets	1	No specific role
brentyoung	curl-email	0	Developer
brent_m	mindshare	1	No specific role
brenuart	proxool	0	Developer
breowicz	open-rts	1	Project Manager
brequesens	perlmol	0	Developer
bres	skyshoot	1	No specific role
bresciani_br	semeador	1	No specific role
breser	ayttm	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
breser	kicq	0	Developer
bresh	groupnote	0	Developer
bresh	vpiwhiteboard	0	Developer
breslin	t3liquid	1	No specific role
breslin	t3ai	1	No specific role
bress	s4ync	1	No specific role
bress	ularn	1	No specific role
bresson	spocket	1	No specific role
bresson	bts-oops	1	No specific role
bresson	ccb-dopewars	1	No specific role
bresson	jxmail	1	No specific role
bret5	jmemorize	0	Developer
bretagne	mycompta	1	No specific role
bretbret	bkasm	1	No specific role
breti	murks	1	No specific role
breti	nith	1	Developer
bretrzaun	mymarket	1	Developer
bretscher	projektionsrech	1	No specific role
bretscher	tavernen-game	1	No specific role
brettalice	treebase-3d	1	No specific role
brettandrews	jesbaby	1	Project Manager
brettbc	moonix	0	No specific role
brettbode	sss-oscar	0	Developer
brettbrowning	spades-sim	0	No specific role
brettbrowning	robocup-f180	1	Project Manager
brettbrowning	referee-box	1	No specific role
brettcave	phpwhoisza	1	No specific role
brette	rimps	0	Developer
bretthauert	smbios	1	Developer
brettj	elilo	1	No specific role
brettjacobs	stpconnect	1	No specific role
brettly	friendo	0	Tester
brettmc	expandy	1	Project Manager
brettporter	maven-plugins	1	Developer
brettporter	quietcoffee	1	Project Manager
brettroyles	sex-game	1	Project Manager
brettroyles	bluemoon-ircd	1	No specific role
brettroyles2003	sbm-ircd	1	Developer
brettryan	phersistence	1	No specific role
brettryan	objectgrid	1	All-Hands Person
bretts	jetty	1	Developer
brettshearer	dunit	0	Developer
brettuk	easyform	1	No specific role
brettuk02	twf	0	Developer
brettuk02	phpeasynews	1	No specific role
brettw	jvc	1	No specific role
brettw	jcommando	1	No specific role
brettz9	navbarcrumbs	1	No specific role
brettz9	textbrowser	1	No specific role
brettz9	smartydocb	1	Project Manager
brett_calcott	newx	1	No specific role
brett_calcott	boost	0	Developer
brett_esler	auccow	1	Project Manager
brett_s_r	lportal	0	Developer
bretweinraub	m80	1	Developer
bretzel_apo33	apodio	1	All-Hands Person
bret_	kolmogorov	1	Developer
bret_	mptbox	1	Project Manager
bret_mckee	panotools	0	No specific role
breuerma	owc	0	Developer
breuerma	ex2x	0	Developer
breuke01	ms-spectre	1	Developer
breuke01	somms	1	Project Manager
brewcalc	brewcalc	1	No specific role
brewing00	centrallix	0	Tester
brewskie	pn-modules	0	Developer
brew_au	total-isp	0	Web Designer
breyed	sermonsontheweb	1	Project Manager
breytblat	vnmt	1	No specific role
breyten	realfc	0	No specific role
breyten	clts	1	No specific role
breyten	gpf-winamp-pb	1	No specific role
brezel-mf	sudokudotnet	1	No specific role
brezel-mf	ql-plus-plus	1	No specific role
brezina	lousewort	0	Graphic/Other Designer
brflight	sbasfoundry	1	Developer
brflog	brflog	1	No specific role
brfwolf	muonline-server	1	No specific role
brg	vmips	1	Project Manager
brg	webnews	1	Developer
brghntr	herring	1	No specific role
brghntr	gold	0	Developer
brgladman	ggnfs	0	Developer
brhodewalt	liberum	0	Developer
bri10	mobileblogger	1	No specific role
bri3001	selinux-ide	1	Developer
bri3d	psp-oss	1	No specific role
briaheca	etoiles	0	No specific role
briaj	zuul	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
brian	macthemes	0	No specific role
brian	cbb	0	Developer
brian-england	auctioneer-wow	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
brian-king	dilps	0	No specific role
brian-king	moodle	0	Developer
brian001	projecttreetop	1	No specific role
brian0891	tutoriald	1	No specific role
brian0891	skunkweb	0	No specific role
brian0891	karrigell	0	Developer
brian175	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
brian2007	projectfar	1	No specific role
brian870204	addstats	1	No specific role
brianahr	hexane	1	No specific role
brianavid	girderplugins	0	Developer
brianb	mdbtools	1	No specific role
brianb	opendrda	1	No specific role
brianb	freetds	1	No specific role
brianbarber	iceorg	0	Doc Writer
brianbecker	basic-ide	0	No specific role
brianbecker	rapidqnet	1	No specific role
brianboerner	aacraid-22	1	No specific role
brianboonstra	leaf	0	No specific role
brianbourke75	futuruni	1	Developer
brianbourke75	gameai	1	Project Manager
brianbr	wcs	1	No specific role
brianbr	mdc-xsl	1	No specific role
brianbsl	team190	1	Project Manager
brianburns	neomem	1	No specific role
brianc	hphd	0	No specific role
briancbecker	zebulon	1	Project Manager
briancbecker	rapidqnet	1	Developer
briancbecker	vorbb-tech	1	No specific role
brianchandotcom	lportal	0	Developer
briancmuse	ethermmorpg	0	Developer
briancoca	cfmssqladmin	0	Developer
briancooper	el-corporado	0	Developer
briancwalker	starfrag	1	Developer
briand360	oslivehelp	1	Project Manager
briandamgaard	sokobanyasc	1	Developer
briandamgaard	jsokoapplet	1	Project Manager
briandavison	btyum	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
briandealwis	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
briandewey	pocketgnugo	0	Developer
briandilley	kwotes	1	No specific role
briandilley	maleficus	1	Developer
briandilley	ajui	1	No specific role
briandilley	mode	1	No specific role
briandunbar	simtics	1	All-Hands Person
brianegge	c-p-l	1	No specific role
brianellin	openid	1	Developer
brianelv	pim4soa	1	Developer
brianerickson	shoebox	1	No specific role
brianerickson	cachemagnet	1	No specific role
brianetta	minesweeper-php	1	No specific role
brianez21	nibiru	1	All-Hands Person
brianfinley	multicaster	1	No specific role
brianfinley	oscar	0	Developer
brianfinley	openxcat	1	Project Manager
brianfinley	sisuite	1	Developer
brianfinley	systemimager	1	Project Manager
brianfinley	systemconfig	0	Requirements Engineering
brianfinley	popwatcher	1	No specific role
brianfinley	bioswriter	1	No specific role
brianfox	cewolf	1	Project Manager
brianfromme	vistatools	1	No specific role
briangardner	transims	1	Project Manager
brianglasscock	mhweblog	0	Doc Writer
briangoetz	lucene	0	Developer
briangoetz	pokersource	1	Developer
briangoetz	findbugs	0	Developer
briangoetz	webmacro	1	Project Manager
briangross	fms	0	No specific role
briangshea	phpyap	1	No specific role
brianguo	javadhtp2p	0	Developer
briangxchen	winkiax	1	No specific role
brianh2	netbat2	0	Developer
brianh781	ezpetsitter	1	No specific role
brianhammond	ewe	1	No specific role
brianhammond	goat	1	No specific role
brianhammond	holdem	1	No specific role
brianhammond	ajax-games	1	No specific role
brianhays	harbour-project	0	Developer
brianhays	xharbour	0	No specific role
brianhays	xhuggle	0	Developer
brianhermann	pms475	0	Developer
brianhill	hello	1	All-Hands Person
brianhill	timetowork	0	Developer
brianhill	kithara	1	Project Manager
brianhks	fprofiler	0	Developer
brianhks	cpmake	1	No specific role
brianhks	jmenumaker	1	No specific role
brianhn1	link4	1	Developer
brianhn1	mlagen	0	Web Designer
brianholtz	recd	1	No specific role
brianhv	neume	1	Developer
brianin3d	ghia	1	Project Manager
brianivie	jpaf	1	No specific role
brianjb	etad	1	No specific role
brianjeppesen	coc-cards	0	No specific role
briank	cbb	1	No specific role
briank	oopic-compiler	0	No specific role
briank	moodle	0	Developer
briank	wikindx	0	Tester
briank14	youtubedupe	1	No specific role
briank81	dotcausehadori	0	No specific role
briankardell	jewelbox	0	No specific role
briankc	displaykit	1	No specific role
briankdlee	jakarta-k	0	Developer
briankdlee	syncml-ctoolkit	0	Developer
briankohles	thexum	1	Developer
briankrent	distbreve	1	No specific role
brianksmith	asphoto	1	Project Manager
briankuzmanoski	projectinews	1	No specific role
brianl	pygames	1	Developer
brianl	rtsp	1	Developer
brianl	pysolfc	0	Developer
brianlaferte	freeframework	1	Project Manager
brianlain	webdevtools	1	No specific role
brianlamere	peoplevault	1	No specific role
brianlin2005	baby-album	1	No specific role
brianlin2005	db-obj-builder	1	No specific role
brianlloyd	pythonnet	1	Project Manager
brianlmoon	phorum	1	No specific role
brianlmoon	turck-mmcache	0	No specific role
brianmaguire	basicportal	0	Project Manager
brianmalloy	g4re	0	No specific role
brianmalloy	keystone-ccs	1	Project Manager
brianmalloy	keystone	1	Project Manager
brianmartin00	ta-strategist	1	No specific role
brianmassey	osom	1	Project Manager
brianmassey	wikicampus	0	Developer
brianmflynn	annolizer	1	No specific role
brianmm	openphpauction	0	Graphic/Other Designer
brianna1412	cit	0	Developer
brianngo	datadrivenui	0	Developer
briannoble	placelab	0	Developer
briano	gmod	0	Developer
brianoneil	lepus	1	Developer
brianorrell	pagetalk	1	No specific role
brianosaurus	sidecar	0	Developer
brianp	dri	1	Developer
brianp	togl	1	Developer
brianp	vncproxy	1	No specific role
brianp	glean	0	Developer
brianp	chromium	1	Developer
brianp	blockbuster	1	Developer
brianp	xf4vnc	0	No specific role
brianp	freeglut	0	Developer
brianp	mesa3d	1	Project Manager
brianperry	aqsis	0	Developer
brianpirie	libaps	1	No specific role
brianprodoehl	openjaus	1	No specific role
brianprogram	un-wiki	1	No specific role
brianpulliam	ucsf-nomad	1	All-Hands Person
brianpursley	cl-tftp-server	1	No specific role
brianpwolfe	glintegrated	1	No specific role
brianray	vidgen	1	No specific role
brianrosenthal	robodb	1	No specific role
brianrosenthal	dbentity	1	No specific role
brianrusso	splay	1	No specific role
brianrusso	globe-sim	1	Analysis / Design
brianrusso	mmc	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
briansc	emc	0	Developer
briansletten	kowari	0	Developer
briansnijders	eclipsedme	1	No specific role
brianspinar	twikiplugins	0	Developer
briansquared	gnomepm	1	No specific role
brianstoler	drjava	1	Developer
brianstoler	javalangtools	1	No specific role
brianstoler	astgen	1	No specific role
briansun	odmap	1	No specific role
briansun	nxunit	1	No specific role
briantakashi	generator-rt	0	No specific role
briantan	openssa	1	No specific role
briantan	aubit4gl	0	Developer
brianthewise	ipman	1	Project Manager
brianthewise	qtimc	1	Project Manager
brianthewise	libimap	1	Project Manager
briantoby	objcryst	0	Developer
briantroy	asteriskcds	1	No specific role
briantwhite	mgx	1	Developer
brianvanderburg	hfmaker	1	No specific role
brianvanderburg	povcolor	1	No specific role
brianvanderburg	freepim	1	No specific role
brianvanderburg	expreval	1	No specific role
brianvanderburg	samplemaker	1	No specific role
brianwalenz	amos	0	Developer
brianwalenz	kmer	1	No specific role
brianwalenz	wgs-assembler	1	Developer
brianwang	phpsdl	0	Developer
brianwichmann	stv	0	No specific role
brianwolf	enpath	1	Developer
brianwwilson	paranoidandroid	0	No specific role
brianwyld	sshforwarder	1	No specific role
brianwyld	voice-eclipse	1	No specific role
brianz	dircreator	1	Project Manager
brianzimm	bz-pos	1	No specific role
brianzimmer	gamescrafters	0	Developer
brian_c	wcs-jabe	0	Developer
brian_chivers	imc	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
brian_clark	bodington	0	Developer
brian_clark	taorluath	1	Developer
brian_clark	socket	1	No specific role
brian_duff	jswingreader	0	Developer
brian_duff	jdevextensions	0	Developer
brian_duff	jdevelopervss	0	Developer
brian_emc	wbemservices	0	No specific role
brian_ferris	traditionalcake	1	No specific role
brian_hawthorne	protege-ke	0	Developer
brian_hone	juicebox	1	No specific role
brian_hone	openmapper	1	No specific role
brian_jaress	hyfud	1	No specific role
brian_jaress	tfe	1	No specific role
brian_j_murrell	openpvr	1	No specific role
brian_j_murrell	ishmail	0	Developer
brian_korsedal	socbuilder	0	Developer
brian_krausz	mydata	1	Developer
brian_laird	phphtmllib	0	Developer
brian_lanier	btpq	1	All-Hands Person
brian_lindholm	miscutils	1	No specific role
brian_may	multigraph	0	No specific role
brian_onn	pearpc	0	No specific role
brian_osc	xml2xhtml	1	No specific role
brian_qu	octopus-ge	0	Developer
brian_schwab	ai-standards	0	Developer
brian_vaughn	nennius	1	Developer
brian_walshe	freydis	1	All-Hands Person
brian_walshe	plastic	0	Developer
brian_walshe	astroweka	1	No specific role
briarius	pcgen	0	Developer
briball	rhinoindex	1	No specific role
bribass	njs	1	Project Manager
bribble	bribble	1	No specific role
bricconi	gbap-pool	1	No specific role
bricconi	spwrapper	1	No specific role
brice0306	focs	0	Developer
briceb	bscribbles	1	No specific role
briceb	bmayacal	1	No specific role
briceb	bbook	1	No specific role
briceb	pommo	1	Developer
bricelambson	libcvs-net	1	No specific role
brice_c	mroads	1	Developer
brichardson	snmarms	0	No specific role
brichardson2005	nrule	1	No specific role
brichter	leonard	1	Developer
brick-cms	brick-cms	1	No specific role
brickdraw	brickdraw3d	1	Developer
brickdraw	ldglite	0	Developer
brickhouse	macaulay2	0	No specific role
brickle	opensdr	0	Developer
brickle	dttsp	1	Project Manager
bricktalk	bricktalk	1	Developer
brick_ucsf	ucsf-nomad	1	All-Hands Person
bricroft	vhi	1	Developer
bridgetc	xflows	0	Web Designer
bridgev_m	jschat	0	Developer
bridgeyman	revgameengine	0	Developer
bridge_wu	pxa-linux	1	Developer
bridi	modusgt	0	Developer
brie	lla	0	No specific role
brienigma	macpackage	1	No specific role
brienigma	copper	0	Developer
brienigma	cryptoslam	1	No specific role
brienigma	amigeekornot	1	Project Manager
brienigma	openremote	1	No specific role
brienigma	soleseek	0	Developer
brienze	jorm	1	Developer
brieske	omc	0	Developer
brieweb	rideplot	0	Developer
brieweb	bstamp	1	Developer
brife	esstp	1	No specific role
briford	chromium	0	Developer
brigden	encouragedb	1	No specific role
brigdh	shadowchildren	0	Developer
briggsmedia	pelco-ptz	1	No specific role
brightaye	undernet-ircu	1	Project Manager
brightbit	jlibdc1394	0	No specific role
brightneon	smartlook	0	Developer
brightshadow	cows	0	Graphic/Other Designer
brighty	paje	0	Developer
brigl	sudoku-genie	1	No specific role
brigl	timepicker	1	No specific role
brigoz	ssrtech	0	Developer
brihall	viewklass	0	Developer
brihaye	sdx	0	Developer
brihaye	exist	0	Developer
brijeshjohn	alchemi	0	Developer
brijeshm	kumo	0	No specific role
brijesin	ceps	1	Developer
brijesin	im-alertomon	1	No specific role
brijken	dttddigiar	0	Developer
brijken	logex	1	Developer
brik	nunitasp	0	Project Manager
brik	jedit	0	No specific role
brikap	liveview	1	No specific role
brikou	typo3xdev	0	Developer
brill	lexi	1	No specific role
brill	ivataopenportal	0	No specific role
brill	cmucamj	0	No specific role
brill	cork	1	Project Manager
brill	embedlets	0	Developer
brill	sqltools	1	Project Manager
brill	hansel	0	Developer
brillgene	mpundit	1	No specific role
brillgene	speak-freely	1	Project Manager
brillig	glirnath	1	No specific role
brillig	webninja	1	No specific role
brillig	tweet	1	No specific role
brillig	mp3rename	1	No specific role
brillig	netmage	1	No specific role
brillobaby	mope	1	No specific role
brilly	jrcs	0	Developer
brilong	kickstart-tools	1	Developer
brimarx	adaptit	1	All-Hands Person
brimen	rvs	1	No specific role
brindabella	giraffe	1	All-Hands Person
brindahl	pgarc	0	No specific role
brindayenna	raju	1	No specific role
brindy	phpwage	1	No specific role
brindy	joom	1	All-Hands Person
brindy	jdbcmon	1	No specific role
brindy	jwf	1	No specific role
brindy	jwebdoc	1	No specific role
brindy	wellington	1	No specific role
brindy	x-commercenary	1	Developer
brindy	dtd2java	1	Developer
brindy	dateselector	1	No specific role
brindy	nexus5bbs	0	No specific role
brindy	eveningstar	1	Developer
bring	jlirc	1	No specific role
bring	jmms	1	No specific role
bring	gf-tools	1	No specific role
bring	htoolkit	0	Developer
bring	haskell-libs	0	Developer
bring	haskelldb	1	Developer
bringa	mold	0	Developer
brinick	the-maker	0	Developer
brink668	adol	0	Developer
brinkers	libxml2-pas	0	Developer
brinkmanship	jaquzzixml	1	No specific role
brinkofwar	glasgow	0	Developer
brinkofwar	brinkofwar	1	No specific role
brinky37	php-bot	1	User Interface (UI) Designer
brinlassan	gedbas4all	0	No specific role
brinley	oicd	1	Developer
brio1337	foldersize	1	No specific role
briodev	ag-mlf	0	Developer
briodev	jice-net	1	No specific role
briodev	mimah	1	No specific role
bripley	stampscouting	1	Developer
briplofik	nanowasp	1	No specific role
brippe	ewpatas	0	No specific role
brippe	rapforums	1	No specific role
brippe	vexaminator	1	No specific role
bripro	gamekingemu	1	No specific role
bripro	neshla	1	Developer
bripro	scicompiler	1	Developer
brirbogo	defrost2	1	No specific role
brischniz	xml2owl	1	No specific role
brisid	jdbv	1	Project Manager
brisk	palmdesktools	1	No specific role
brisk	palm2ical	0	Developer
brisk	palmtextsync	0	Developer
brisk	pilotdocj	1	Project Manager
brislex	momcabs	1	Developer
brissetju	ocera	0	Developer
britefury	gsculpt	1	No specific role
briteradmin	eatool	1	No specific role
britespaak	steelfusion	0	Developer
britespaak	siac	1	Project Manager
britiger	phpw	1	No specific role
britki	opendims	1	No specific role
britneyfreek	mldiv	1	No specific role
britneyfreek	phpvideodb	1	No specific role
britneyfreek	qlrs	1	No specific role
britors	catalogarte	1	No specific role
britrock	britrock-games	1	No specific role
brittany89	hacksim	1	No specific role
brittman	mailfilter	0	No specific role
brittney	woh-thegame	1	No specific role
brittpark	uvfs	1	No specific role
brius	greatoffensive	1	Project Manager
brius	magic-project	0	Developer
briwhi	lapackpp	0	No specific role
brixen	ioke	1	No specific role
brixen	moonbeams	1	No specific role
briznian	cfopenbb	0	Doc Writer
brj	objectbridge	0	Developer
brjeffrey	gems-nd	0	Developer
brjmelo	refactory	0	No specific role
brjoshua	autotrace	0	Doc Writer
brkfstclbbr	igarden	0	Web Designer
brking	iprdd	1	No specific role
brkopac	dsmmorpg	1	Developer
brkthrough	imagecalc	1	Developer
brkwtzandrew	thenews	1	No specific role
brl	lprng	0	Developer
brlambson	nutalk	1	Developer
brlcad	opencombat	0	Project Manager
brlcad	brlcad	1	Project Manager
brlcad	bzflag	1	Project Manager
brlcad	corredor	1	Project Manager
brlcad	libirc	1	Project Manager
brlcad	cvs-syncmail	0	No specific role
brlewis	brl	1	All-Hands Person
brlinux	brasilnuke	1	No specific role
brliujerry	codemon	1	No specific role
brliujerry	bifrost	1	No specific role
brlock	xcgl-port	1	No specific role
brlock	fault-injection	0	Developer
brlouk	owlve	1	Project Manager
brmassa	lual	1	No specific role
brmeijer	swishe	0	No specific role
brnauman	mindshare	1	Developer
brnewber	ripoffc	1	Developer
brnstin	pragmaticscope	1	No specific role
bro	wp-whois-proxy	1	Project Manager
bro3	xmm	1	Project Manager
broadbear	cayambe	0	Developer
broadbear	otherworld	1	No specific role
broadblues	abc-shell	0	No specific role
brobey	ctsproject	1	Developer
broccoli	mudmaker	1	No specific role
broceliande	mp-plugins	0	Developer
broceliande	mediaportal	0	Developer
brochec	audacity	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
brock-n	leaf	0	Tester
brockal	linuxhwdb	0	No specific role
brockal	myguestbook	1	No specific role
brockers	mailman-pager	1	No specific role
brockers	kconfigure	1	Project Manager
brockers	komparetwo	1	Developer
brockhoff	freak427	1	No specific role
brockies	standardpattern	0	Developer
brockj	pong-4	0	Developer
brockman	iwp	1	Developer
brockmdean	photovault	1	No specific role
brockmeister	panoptic	1	No specific role
brockmeister	brockmaestro	1	No specific role
brockway	newsflash	0	Developer
brockweaver	iwf	1	No specific role
broco	comebackcourt	1	Project Manager
broda	universe	0	Developer
brodi	pop3blogger	1	No specific role
brodiman	vtd-xml	0	No specific role
brodman	jrate	0	Developer
brodmann	jwebedix	1	All-Hands Person
brodock	uocentral	1	Unix Admin
brodriguez	projtimelog	1	Project Manager
brodriguez	jdbo	1	No specific role
brodschelm	gracetmpl	1	Developer
brodschelm	plotmm	0	Developer
brodsom	avion	1	No specific role
brodu	jsynoptic	1	No specific role
brodu	cheapmatrix	1	No specific role
brodylo	seagull3d	1	No specific role
broecj	smtetris	0	Graphic/Other Designer
broecker	sourcemeter	1	No specific role
broege	feud	0	Developer
broehl	pyode	0	No specific role
broeker	cscope	1	Project Manager
broeker	gnuplot	1	Project Manager
broen	firemix	1	No specific role
broen	patchwork13	0	Developer
broerkens	jassda	1	Project Manager
broetz	mantisconnect	0	Developer
brofield	opencow	1	No specific role
brogan5150	cadkit	0	Developer
brogan815	rociproject	0	Developer
brogers	ydp	0	All-Hands Person
broglia	rrchess	1	No specific role
brohism	esteem	1	Project Manager
brohism	phpopenauth	1	No specific role
brohism	phpmyauth	1	No specific role
broidsy	pokpokpoker	1	Developer
brokebit	photodb	1	Project Manager
broken	cmsone	0	Developer
brokenbit	trainsimulator	0	Developer
brokenbit	varzeneh	0	Graphic/Other Designer
brokenbit	rotk	0	Developer
brokenblade	mxdb	1	No specific role
brokenblade	wotbb	1	Project Manager
brokenclock	airnet	1	No specific role
brokenclock	trustnet	1	No specific role
brokenclock	errorsystem	1	Project Manager
brokenclock	feedfriend	1	No specific role
brokencpp	tcpipcpp	1	Project Manager
brokendoor	webpm	1	Project Manager
brokendoor	triones	1	No specific role
brokenkeyboards	svgdomcsharp	0	Developer
brokenkeyboards	csharpcodegen	1	No specific role
brokenlink	thevoid	1	No specific role
brokenlink	mercuryadmin	1	No specific role
brokenlink	filter	1	No specific role
brokenlink	blackfoot	1	No specific role
brokentiss	holyscope	1	No specific role
brokentoaster	butterflymp3	1	No specific role
brokentoaster	butterflylogger	1	No specific role
brokentoaster	osxavr	1	No specific role
brokenwren	bluprints	1	Project Manager
brokndodge	file-butler	1	No specific role
brolewis	grouporg	1	Project Manager
brolly	k12thesis	0	Developer
brolund	tsmf	1	Project Manager
brolund	rmock	1	All-Hands Person
bromand	arnold	0	Developer
bromatom	phpbasedca	1	No specific role
bromatom	modauthnzmysql	1	No specific role
brombergfacundo	airldm	0	No specific role
bromden	keepass	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bromer	beeblebudget	1	No specific role
bromer	vogonbot	1	No specific role
bromer	phpcollab	0	Developer
bromer	zoomstats	1	Project Manager
bromer	osqlp	1	Project Manager
bromero	kandelo	1	Developer
broms_dean	opticalm8	0	Developer
broms_dean	travelm8	1	No specific role
bronc94583	plinko	1	No specific role
brondsem	knightsleuth	1	No specific role
brondsem	konfidi	1	Developer
brondsem	lncal2outlook	1	No specific role
brondsem	lxr	0	Developer
brondsem	gentoocygwin	0	Developer
brondsem	familysite	1	Project Manager
brondsem	enigweb	1	Developer
brondsem	beej	1	No specific role
brondsem	jumlerd	1	No specific role
brondsem	calvingames-se	1	Developer
brondsem	qtwin	1	Project Manager
broneill	dirmi	1	Developer
broneill	carbonado	1	Developer
broneill	cojen	1	Developer
broneill	teatrove	1	Project Manager
broneill	joda	1	Developer
broneill	joda-time	1	Developer
bronek51	ramager	1	No specific role
brong	perl-xslt	0	No specific role
brong	xmlxslt	1	No specific role
bronger	zeitung-ml	1	No specific role
bronger	pyvisa	1	Developer
bronger	latex-bronger	1	No specific role
bronger	latex-tutorium	1	Developer
bronger	felo	1	No specific role
bronger	pp3	1	No specific role
bronger	tbookdtd	1	Project Manager
broni	quark2d	0	Developer
bronislav	magicmailmon	1	No specific role
bronsky223	gammaproj1	0	Graphic/Other Designer
bronson	re2c	0	Developer
bronson	trestlemail	1	No specific role
bronzite	wpi-gdc	0	No specific role
broodforce	neverendinggame	0	Developer
broodforce	kissgps	1	Developer
broofa	dhtmlconsole	1	No specific role
broohaha9	openmpeg	0	No specific role
brook1	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
brooke	functional-php	1	No specific role
brooke	metaphp	1	No specific role
brooke	lime-php	1	No specific role
brooke	cdrtoaster	1	No specific role
brooked	net-editor	1	No specific role
brookline	contractgen	0	Content Management
brooksb	phplistmanager	0	Developer
brooksby	vxl	0	No specific role
brookscl	messager	1	No specific role
brooks_en_davis	ganglia	0	Developer
brooky	erps	1	Developer
broonie	powertweak	0	Developer
broonie	x86info	0	Developer
brooss	teambb	1	No specific role
broph	mdarad-toolbox	0	No specific role
broph	dataisland	0	No specific role
broquaint	parseperl	0	Developer
brori	retina	0	Developer
brorson	geda	0	No specific role
bros	yourtime	1	Project Manager
brosenha	vtrax	1	Developer
broseplanet	izolita	1	Project Manager
brosig	injectj	1	Developer
brosner	aeromation	1	Developer
brosner	phppost	1	No specific role
brosner	icecube	1	No specific role
brosner	smartide	1	Developer
broso	peertrust	0	No specific role
brost	remoteaudio	1	Project Manager
brother	andecerto	0	Tester
brotherf	jdbc-xml	1	No specific role
brotherlogic	gamblogger	1	No specific role
brotherlogic	distlist	1	No specific role
brotherseven	adone	1	No specific role
brother_john	guliverkli	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
brothuhn	linux-apus	0	Developer
brotkaeppchen	gnugle	1	Project Manager
brotkasten	cardwizard	1	Developer
brotsky	p4el	0	Developer
broubach	hibernate	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
broubrou	tikiwiki	0	Developer
broubrou	ssso	1	No specific role
broughton	isolde	0	No specific role
brouhaha	ts10	1	No specific role
brouhaha	gsxprog	1	Developer
brouhaha	dmklib	1	No specific role
brouhaha	psim	1	No specific role
brouhaha	servid	1	No specific role
brouhaha	netcompile	1	No specific role
brouhaha	netblazer	1	No specific role
brouhaha	altogether	1	No specific role
brouits	denemo	0	Developer
brouits	libspopc	1	No specific role
brouk	buddyspace	1	Developer
brovienas	okcomponents	1	No specific role
brovienas	phpmyedit	0	Developer
brovienas	transpire	1	No specific role
brovienas	hjt2yank	1	No specific role
brovienas	kylixlibs	1	No specific role
brovienas	wwwskelbimai	1	No specific role
brovienas	sex-game	0	Web Designer
brovienas	qixite	1	No specific role
brovreizh	bmet	1	No specific role
browaeys	rsf	0	Developer
browarsoft	gadacz	1	Developer
browdusj	duckstein	0	No specific role
browmander	browmander	1	Developer
browna	aime-lib	1	No specific role
browna	jmusic	1	No specific role
brownb2	openlubbs	1	Project Manager
brownbw	phpwsplugins	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
brownbw	phpwebsite	1	Project Manager
browncoat	sphere-ide	1	No specific role
browndar	spaceconquering	1	Developer
browndar	dotsworld	1	No specific role
browner10	doozer	0	Developer
browner10	subsynth	0	All-Hands Person
browner10	isugamedev	1	Developer
browner10	ailoom	1	Project Manager
browner10	vrjtoolbox	1	Developer
brownhead	athionquests	1	Developer
brownie74	rformgen	1	No specific role
brownie_1	onebook	1	Project Manager
brownjava	buckserver	1	No specific role
brownjava	snesamp-xmms	1	No specific role
brownjr	vimmer	0	Developer
brownlow	photov	1	No specific role
brownr	arch4j	0	Developer
brownsugar10	administration	0	Developer
browntech	veneer	1	No specific role
brownyq	mepsth	0	Unix Admin
brown_j	netime	1	No specific role
brown_j	rlife	1	Developer
brown_j	codecracker	1	No specific role
brown_j	jpv	1	No specific role
brown_j	jarspy	1	Developer
brown_j	wildcard	1	No specific role
browren	lj-net	1	Project Manager
browser80	structio	0	Developer
browsertec	phplone	1	Developer
brox	jailbait	0	No specific role
broy	benspicgallery	1	No specific role
broyboy	logahead	0	Developer
brozow	joesnmp	1	Developer
brozow	jrobin	1	Developer
brozow	opennms	1	Developer
brozow	openoss	1	Developer
brozv	plusplusbot	1	No specific role
brozz87	brozz87	1	No specific role
bro_br	protheus	1	Developer
brp8487	manoranjanos	1	No specific role
brrobid	alliances	1	All-Hands Person
brrr	phpwebeasy	1	No specific role
brs5tettba	leetsounds	0	Developer
brstein	digir	0	Analysis / Design
brsteinb	jake	0	No specific role
brteag00	slight	1	No specific role
brthevs	openbee	0	Developer
brthom80	netadmin	1	Developer
brtompkins	bashnavigator	1	No specific role
brtompkins	xray1	1	No specific role
brtzsnr	tada	1	No specific role
bru8	intension	0	No specific role
bruce	sct	1	Developer
bruce2	ddaf	0	No specific role
bruceba	schematics	1	Project Manager
brucebaron	cesspool	1	No specific role
brucebolt	boltcontentman	1	Project Manager
brucebolt	scrollbarcc	1	No specific role
brucebx2	wildfirekit	1	Developer
brucecampbell4	ona	1	No specific role
brucedduncan	tomcat-jg	1	Developer
bruceelliott	pwebcms	1	No specific role
brucefitzsimons	jungerl	1	No specific role
brucefitzsimons	erlyaws	0	Developer
brucegl	openoss	0	Analysis / Design
brucehatt	jmddl	1	No specific role
brucehatt	bfhelp	1	No specific role
brucejia	mailbuddy	1	No specific role
brucejia	jabberace	1	No specific role
brucejs	pyexif	0	Developer
brucek	oreka	1	Project Manager
bruceknox	openmosix	1	Unix Admin
bruceknox	dcvp	1	Project Manager
bruceknox	squibber	1	Project Manager
brucelee	processchk	1	No specific role
brucelee69	bluexare	1	Developer
brucem	twisted	0	Developer
brucem	beepcore-c	0	Developer
brucem	nebuladevice	1	Developer
brucem	epydoc	0	Developer
brucemartin	xbeans	1	No specific role
brucemdawson	vaporcd	0	Developer
brucemohler	syssumm	1	No specific role
brucemueller	fll-sw	0	Developer
bruceo	freya-engine	0	Graphic/Other Designer
bruceperens	tuxscreen	0	Developer
bruceperens	elinux	0	Developer
bruceramsay	diffr	1	No specific role
bruceravel	ifeffit	1	Developer
brucesinner	gmailclone	1	No specific role
brucesinner	sinnergy	1	No specific role
brucetimberlake	cobaltraq2	1	All-Hands Person
brucetimberlake	qbalt	1	Project Manager
brucewalker	ssic-linux	1	Project Manager
brucewalker	ci-linux	1	Project Manager
brucewang	secretpicture	1	No specific role
brucewang	mywardrobe	1	Project Manager
brucewedan	cgns	1	No specific role
brucexq	mobilesprite	1	No specific role
bruce_armstrong	powerprinter	0	Developer
bruce_a_martin	jrecord	1	No specific role
bruce_a_martin	record-editor	1	All-Hands Person
bruce_conklin	genmapp	1	Project Manager
bruce_gao	ifdp	1	No specific role
bruce_hamilton	jsr-108	0	Developer
bruce_horn	open-powerplant	0	No specific role
bruciadmin	abifportal	1	No specific role
bruciadmin	spring-gwt	1	No specific role
bruciebruce	pennylender	1	No specific role
bruck4	smhelper	1	Project Manager
bruck4	gobo	0	Developer
bruck4	toplight	1	No specific role
brucker	dcntools	1	Editorial/Content Writer
bruckie	xmlresume	1	Project Manager
bruclik	almara	1	Developer
brucon	ottoproject	1	Developer
brudas	evergreenvisual	1	No specific role
bruder	dwrap	1	No specific role
bruder	wildweb	1	Project Manager
brudermarkus	marrowmoon	1	Project Manager
brudersushi	marrowmoon	0	No specific role
bruder_s	wa-nowplaying	1	No specific role
brudinie	plajax	1	No specific role
brudner	yagcu	1	No specific role
brudner	securid4dotnet	1	No specific role
brudner	enteroread	1	No specific role
brudner	gems4net	1	No specific role
brudner	devil-linux	0	Developer
brueckner	qtcl	1	No specific role
bruehrol	jopenbusiness	1	Developer
bruenen	cvsgui	1	Developer
bruening	magicmap	0	No specific role
brueslivus	scrapiron	0	Developer
bruessow	laos	0	No specific role
bruff	wbemservices	0	Developer
brufor	webman-cms	0	Developer
brufor	jetsam	1	No specific role
brufor	niobjects	1	Developer
brufor	meducase	0	Developer
brufor	diaparse	1	No specific role
brufor	trisel	1	No specific role
brugger	visit	1	Project Manager
bruggesser	ethcompiler	1	No specific role
bruggie	modlogan	0	Developer
brugu_baba	voyager	1	No specific role
bruj0	musicpd	0	Developer
bruj0	sportal	1	No specific role
brujah3	cosmicencounter	1	No specific role
brujah3	saulot	1	No specific role
brujahpriest	pythondbo	1	No specific role
brujahpriest	remoted	1	No specific role
brujahpriest	jsplash	1	No specific role
brujahpriest	aspdb	1	No specific role
brujahpriest	phasepy	1	No specific role
brujahpriest	spxl	1	No specific role
brukeme	spring-netbeans	0	Content Management
brukie	bftpd	1	No specific role
brukman	llvm	1	No specific role
brul0001	nsn	0	No specific role
bruli	bulmages	0	Developer
brullonulla	mpyre	0	Developer
brulow	jegg	1	No specific role
brulow	cbits	1	All-Hands Person
brulow	gossip	1	No specific role
brumal	miniwebsvr	0	Developer
brumbs	ppnav	1	No specific role
brummbaer017	dienstplan	1	No specific role
brummbart	stumpele	1	Developer
brummelisa	a-note	1	Project Manager
brumschlag	vbaddin	1	No specific role
brunacmc	grapheditor	1	No specific role
brunasti	opencmshowto	0	Developer
brundege	bioquery	1	Project Manager
bruneck	whist-online	0	Developer
brunes69	sharpquery	1	No specific role
brunes69	kopete	0	Developer
bruni200	dionysoa	0	Developer
brunkcep	mimsfw	0	Developer
brunke	shadownet	0	Developer
brunnert	biosig	0	No specific role
brunni	webcache-emule	1	No specific role
brunnick	emc	0	No specific role
brunnosilva	jmunit	1	No specific role
brunnosilva	j2meunit	1	Developer
brunns	watsup	1	Developer
bruno	openrcm	0	No specific role
bruno2005	javasim	0	No specific role
bruno80	websyslog	1	No specific role
brunoaguirre	websys-dev	0	No specific role
brunobenchimol	voiptg	1	No specific role
brunobenchimol	nagios-rtsp	1	No specific role
brunobg	libglass	1	No specific role
brunobg	streamtorrent	1	No specific role
brunobg	slack-kickstart	0	Developer
brunobg	spacetime	0	Developer
brunobg	hptalx	1	All-Hands Person
brunobg	jocr	0	Developer
brunobg	conjecture	1	Project Manager
brunobls	xoops	0	Developer
brunocal	customreports	1	No specific role
brunocl	infoteca	1	Project Manager
brunocouto	opencore	0	No specific role
brunocs	tuxguardian	1	Project Manager
brunofr	jirafa	1	No specific role
brunoga	cddblinkd	1	Developer
brunoga	bemaildaemon	1	Developer
brunoga	scooby	0	No specific role
brunoga	open-beos	1	Developer
brunoga	opentracker	0	Developer
brunogola	ipodtool	1	No specific role
brunogola	kika	1	Developer
brunohaller	xjnm	1	No specific role
brunohaller	visualgo	1	No specific role
brunohaller	phpwebalbum	1	No specific role
brunohcs	lnf	1	No specific role
brunojonas	boomwar	0	Graphic/Other Designer
brunolacroix	lsys-monitor	1	No specific role
brunolartillot	compo	1	No specific role
brunolartillot	pilang	1	No specific role
brunolartillot	fastcm	1	No specific role
brunolcr	arpskill	1	No specific role
brunolcr	dhcpmap	1	No specific role
brunolcr	efuzzing	1	No specific role
brunoloff	ldt	1	No specific role
brunolombardi	state4j	1	Project Manager
brunomancuso	jnetmanager	1	No specific role
brunomario	ipp4j	1	Developer
brunomattarollo	seqspy	1	No specific role
brunomelo	ntpauditor	1	No specific role
brunonicoletti	openfx	1	Project Manager
brunonicoletti	openfxshakehost	1	No specific role
brunopatriarca	qbittorrent	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
brunopedroso	nounit	0	Developer
brunopostle	pangloss	1	No specific role
brunopostle	panotools	1	No specific role
brunopostle	ptopengui	0	Developer
brunopostle	hugin	1	Editorial/Content Writer
brunoprog64	freebound	1	No specific role
brunorezende	uemr	1	Project Manager
brunoribas	rbblog	1	No specific role
brunoribas	chessd	0	Developer
brunoribas	fmmorpg	1	Project Manager
brunoro	lothello	1	Developer
brunosantanna	cogroo	1	Project Manager
brunostuder	openmdx	0	Tester
brunotiussi	unbbayes	0	Developer
brunotrombi	easydb	1	No specific role
brunoveldeman	cybercntrlclnt	1	No specific role
brunoveldeman	linkpagegen	1	Project Manager
brunovieira	nikut	0	Developer
bruno_borges	wicket-stuff	0	Developer
bruno_cabral	rail	0	Developer
bruno_carvalho	socgen	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bruno_guerin	sipp	0	Developer
bruno_guerin	gull	0	Developer
bruno_persi	ant-dialog	1	No specific role
bruno_rav	pol-open-distro	1	No specific role
bruno_ritz	jdive	1	Project Manager
bruno_tensai	group-office	0	Developer
bruno_turtle	turtle-p2p	0	No specific role
bruno_vandaele	pointcarre	0	No specific role
bruns	epicscripts	1	No specific role
brunsfair	brunsfair	1	No specific role
brunsonmoody	tricordflier	1	No specific role
brunzefb	animl	0	No specific role
brunzefb	andi	0	Developer
brup38	petitpoucet	0	Developer
brupje2005	snicoedit	1	No specific role
brus07	acmcontester	1	All-Hands Person
brush	efone	1	No specific role
brushkoff	fjtag	1	No specific role
brushwell	minibrowse	1	No specific role
brusinbrusin	openpnl	0	Analysis / Design
brusso	reportquota	1	No specific role
brusso	slackbookptbr	1	Project Manager
brustout	academic-games	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
brustracja	brustracja	1	Developer
brutal	twilighttas	0	Developer
brutha	rss-analyser	1	No specific role
bruthasj	ceula	1	No specific role
brutos	openspacegame	0	Developer
brutt	upak	1	No specific role
brutt	dcmpi	1	No specific role
brutusxxx	mediaportal	0	Developer
brutzler	badmem	0	No specific role
brutzman	npsnetv	0	Developer
brutzman	xmsf	1	Developer
brutzman	x3d	1	Project Manager
bruxo	druida	1	No specific role
bruxo	smsdaemon	1	Unix Admin
bruyere	amigtk	1	No specific role
brw12	octopage	1	No specific role
brw12	prioritexter	1	No specific role
brw215	plugproxy	0	Developer
brw215	bim-im	1	No specific role
brweber2	beride	1	No specific role
brwsg	nn-utility	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
brx75	log2rss	1	No specific role
brx75	file-metainfo	1	No specific role
bry4n	spycyroll	0	Developer
bryagh	mpacman	1	Developer
bryam	padre4l	1	No specific role
bryam	osivcp	1	No specific role
bryam	ifaape	1	Project Manager
bryam	lsf	1	Project Manager
bryan	suckdmoz	1	All-Hands Person
bryan-woo	infocenter	1	No specific role
bryan0101	jcryptool	0	Developer
bryan0101	encliptic	1	No specific role
bryan121	auctioneer-wow	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bryan811	moodle	0	Distributor/Promoter
bryan986	navboard	1	No specific role
bryanandrews	mml	1	No specific role
bryanandrews	apachetoolbox	1	Project Manager
bryanbr	advance	1	No specific role
bryanbr	merchempires	1	Project Manager
bryanbr	openking	1	No specific role
bryanbr	tidestone	1	No specific role
bryanbr	virtualaw	1	No specific role
bryancbates	piarmada	1	Developer
bryanchan	javadhtp2p	0	No specific role
bryanchang	fpcode	1	All-Hands Person
bryanche	loadunit	1	No specific role
bryanchen	clinicware	1	Project Manager
bryanchen	onbeta	0	Developer
bryanchen83	srsync	0	Developer
bryand1nh	joomlazen	1	No specific role
bryandh	newlinegaming	1	Project Manager
bryanfe	struts	0	Developer
bryanfe	simper	1	No specific role
bryang	linuxcoe	1	No specific role
bryanhahn	tomcatbook	0	Doc Writer
bryanhiggins	web2icq	1	No specific role
bryanjacobson	gabbie	1	Project Manager
bryankemp	gogetem	1	No specific role
bryanklein_nist	fds-sv	1	All-Hands Person
bryanlewis	mainejug	0	Developer
bryanliles	osesm	1	No specific role
bryanmceleney	psmt	1	No specific role
bryanmceleney	planeffdia	1	No specific role
bryann	tsshp	0	Developer
bryanpaddock	rscms	0	Developer
bryanr	cadmin	1	No specific role
bryanras	fortran-parser	0	Developer
bryanrboyer	mod-pubsub	0	Developer
bryanrj2003	javis	1	No specific role
bryanschnabel	xliffroundtrip	1	No specific role
bryanth	whoomba	1	No specific role
bryanth	classpathhelper	1	No specific role
bryanth	oranjestad	1	No specific role
bryanthompson	jcrpg	0	Developer
bryantlikes	backupsps	1	No specific role
bryantlikes	rswebparts	1	No specific role
bryantsmith	pyballot	0	Developer
bryantsmith	mp3tagmaster	0	Developer
bryant_ca577	bryantca577	1	No specific role
bryanvarner	marrow	1	No specific role
bryanw412	kpdf2	1	No specific role
bryanw412	kmsnip	1	No specific role
bryanw412	aux	1	No specific role
bryanwoods	powdered-milk	1	No specific role
bryanws	mt-sidics	1	No specific role
bryanzak	openplay	1	Developer
bryan_cheung	lportal	1	All-Hands Person
bryan_hall	oracle-sdo	1	No specific role
bryan_hepburn	ultimate-21	1	Developer
bryan_letcher	cs6725-prover	1	Developer
bryan_mcaninch	fwfusion	1	No specific role
bryan_morris	svvl	1	No specific role
bryan_morris	nakregistrar	1	No specific role
bryan_rob	wbls	1	No specific role
bryan_se	mhs	1	No specific role
bryan_se	qwikreader	1	No specific role
bryan_se	tanglekit	1	Project Manager
bryan_se	solar-empire-2	1	No specific role
bryan_se	ovorp	1	Project Manager
bryan_tripp	nesim	1	No specific role
bryan_tripp	cehrnet	1	No specific role
bryan_tripp	chisel-cache	1	No specific role
bryan_tripp	hl7api	1	Developer
bryan_w	snirc	0	Project Manager
bryan_w_taylor	jedit	0	Developer
bryce	inkscape	1	All-Hands Person
bryce	sodipodi	0	All-Hands Person
bryce	stp	1	Developer
bryce	openhive	1	No specific role
bryce	docsys	1	No specific role
bryce	eidetic	1	No specific role
bryce	worldforge	0	No specific role
bryce	freecol	0	Developer
bryce	fams	1	No specific role
bryce	gopchop	0	Project Manager
bryce	cctools	0	Developer
bryce	crucible	1	Project Manager
bryce	mimetypes	1	No specific role
bryce	rackview	1	Project Manager
bryce	sdist	1	No specific role
bryce	tslogparser	1	Developer
bryce	terranova	1	No specific role
bryce	tgen	1	No specific role
brycec	b-encoder	1	All-Hands Person
brycec	perltunes	1	No specific role
brycemage	emr3	0	Graphic/Other Designer
brycemultispan	rwfphp	0	Developer
brycen	phpbt	0	No specific role
brycerea	is417-capstone	1	No specific role
bryceschroeder	asm48	0	Developer
bryceschroeder	openxr2	1	Developer
bryce_alcock	art-data	1	No specific role
bryder	ftdi-usb-sio	1	No specific role
bryguysrcfrg	secondarysource	1	No specific role
bryjen	opencombat	0	Developer
bryjen	bzflag	0	Developer
brylevkirill	winloganalyzer	1	No specific role
bryliewashere	oddio	1	No specific role
brylrolf	storch	1	Project Manager
brymaster	farmtycoon	1	No specific role
bryndivey	kt-dms	0	Developer
brynm	xmlogarch	1	Project Manager
brynsmith	systools	1	No specific role
bryonh57	opal57	1	No specific role
bryonhibbetts	jospt	0	Developer
bryonr	gamescrafters	1	Developer
bryon_wausau	pocketpcrpg	1	No specific role
bryoung1	lsci-toolkit	1	No specific role
bryqu	simplemenu	1	No specific role
brysonda	avida	1	Developer
bryston	aquaj	1	No specific role
brzezi	slrnstat	1	No specific role
brzoskmar	c-pretter	1	Project Manager
brzycki	bcrtool	1	No specific role
br_cloud	deadly-doom	1	No specific role
bs132907	flas	1	No specific role
bs5	deimos	1	No specific role
bs5	dds	1	No specific role
bs82	binaryconsolle	1	No specific role
bsadewitz	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
bsakc	statfink	0	Developer
bsalemink	phpjrkdb	0	Web Designer
bsalis	browseazureus	1	No specific role
bsalita	fvcr	1	No specific role
bsalsa	embeddedwb	1	No specific role
bsalsa	dcpro	1	Project Manager
bsalsa	multipro	1	Project Manager
bsaltysiak	maven-plugins	0	Developer
bsaltysiak	lay	1	No specific role
bsaltysiak	sitecrawl	1	No specific role
bsaltysiak	xpodder	1	No specific role
bsamp	pap	0	Developer
bsan3	dotdns	0	Developer
bsander	elj	0	Developer
bsander	elj-girls	1	Project Manager
bsander	eiffel	0	Developer
bsander	elj-win32	0	No specific role
bsander	rnd	1	Developer
bsander	bonbon	0	Developer
bsandhu	chemnomparse	1	Developer
bsapot	jsp-pim	1	No specific role
bsarsgard	jedit	0	No specific role
bsasa	lemmingslife	1	No specific role
bsaslinux	umail	1	No specific role
bsavoie	sundog	0	Editorial/Content Writer
bsaxberg	gerpdb	0	Requirements Engineering
bsc86	heros	0	No specific role
bscan	bscan	1	No specific role
bscarr	jxfire	0	Developer
bscassidy	pyljclient	0	No specific role
bschalck	profnote	1	No specific role
bschatz	ctypes	0	No specific role
bschatz	ctypes4j	1	No specific role
bschatz	pasco2	1	No specific role
bschlicher	jeops	1	Project Manager
bschloss	wbemservices	1	Developer
bschmaus	exist	0	Developer
bschmidt	rates4linux	1	All-Hands Person
bschoate	mtamazon	0	Developer
bschoedlbauer	modplay	1	Developer
bschofield	xotcllib	1	No specific role
bschofield	freebs	1	No specific role
bscholln	quick-pts	1	No specific role
bschooley	bridgetools	0	Developer
bschoudel	webcoords	1	No specific role
bschoudel	jdbv	1	Developer
bschrauw	progressivevnc	1	Developer
bschrauw	acx100	1	No specific role
bschroed	chopro2anything	1	No specific role
bschroed	musicrename	1	No specific role
bschroed	volumebrowser	1	No specific role
bschroeter	sbmp3	1	Developer
bschuhma	olbs	1	No specific role
bschuller	unicore	1	Developer
bschwehn	robocupbsl2	1	No specific role
bscozzi	customer-touch	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bsd1	dresden-ocl	0	Tester
bsd3	rtl818x	1	No specific role
bsdbash	obisp	1	No specific role
bsdcat	jargp	0	Developer
bsdcoder	openregedit	1	Developer
bsddemon	quicksiteweb	1	All-Hands Person
bsdemeyer	networkmap	1	No specific role
bsdemon	mather	1	No specific role
bsder	pythoneda	1	No specific role
bsdfan3	conitor	1	No specific role
bsdfan3	evsim	1	No specific role
bsdfan3	libcpu	1	No specific role
bsdfan3	libinifile	1	Developer
bsdfan3	pwgenerator	0	Doc Writer
bsdfan3	simpaitoolkit	1	No specific role
bsdfan3	tale-shell	1	No specific role
bsdimp	s1mp3	0	Developer
bsdimp	impzrs	1	No specific role
bsdmalkav	rsnnps	1	No specific role
bsdmalkav	lsslg	1	No specific role
bsdn	bmc-os	1	No specific role
bsdpanel	bsdpanel	1	No specific role
bsdpanel	xbirdcms	1	No specific role
bsdunx	openmpq	1	No specific role
bsdz	niperl	1	No specific role
bsd_2000	open-firewall	1	Project Manager
bsd_2000	windir2html	1	No specific role
bse	libflickr	1	No specific role
bse	cctools	1	Developer
bse	exb	1	Project Manager
bse	gedit	0	No specific role
bse	gnome-molasses	1	Project Manager
bse	hundred	1	Project Manager
bse	photomontage	1	No specific role
bsegonnes	finddouble	1	No specific role
bseifert	windirstat	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bseiller	ballrace	0	Developer
bseklecki	wpluglinux	1	No specific role
bseklecki	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
bsemenko	fivedb	1	Project Manager
bserdar	nutf	1	No specific role
bsergean	pyphoto	1	Developer
bsg	dvdx	1	Project Manager
bsgoetz	domino-log4j	1	Project Manager
bsh	infiniteos	1	Project Manager
bsh	primula	1	Developer
bshanaver	suckdmoz	1	No specific role
bshanks	oziac	1	Developer
bshanks	parliament	1	No specific role
bshanks	filterd	1	No specific role
bshanks	neurodata	1	No specific role
bshanks	easylatex	1	No specific role
bshanks	interwiki	1	No specific role
bshanks	textviewer4midp	1	No specific role
bshanks	im2emailgaimplg	1	No specific role
bshanks	cpw	1	Developer
bshanks	boost-graph-py	1	No specific role
bsharp	glean	0	Developer
bsharpe	showmailq	1	No specific role
bshaver	cafene	0	Developer
bshaw666	net-snmp	0	Developer
bshensky	project-open	0	Tester
bshensky	php-owa	1	No specific role
bshep	parrot	1	Developer
bshep	secfs	1	No specific role
bsherman100	php5dimesoap	1	Developer
bsherratt	rapidq-rtl	1	No specific role
bsherwood	visualpython	1	No specific role
bshibley	wsuqt	1	No specific role
bshibs	netwar	1	Developer
bshiflet	etcwebclient	1	No specific role
bshikin	xanswer	0	No specific role
bshikin	spbsumathcons	1	No specific role
bshingarov	glorp	0	No specific role
bshirey	halostats	1	Developer
bshirk	todd	1	No specific role
bshirota	proximus	1	Analysis / Design
bshop	sugarcrm	0	Developer
bshotts	linuxcommand	1	No specific role
bshpirer	dmrpg	0	Developer
bshughes	ome	1	Developer
bshuttle	kt-dms	0	Developer
bshuttleworth	angua	1	No specific role
bsiband	omegat	0	Developer
bsiegel	balthazar	1	No specific role
bsiegel	hardeneddc	0	Developer
bsiepert	bugreport	1	Developer
bsiggelkow	jedit	0	No specific role
bsigner	igesture	1	Project Manager
bsii	fofredux	0	Developer
bsileo	magikcmpnts	1	No specific role
bsiloadmaker	bsiloadmaker	1	No specific role
bsimonssays	indivo	1	No specific role
bsimonssays	pinghealth	1	No specific role
bsimpson1025	skeeter	1	No specific role
bsimpson888	gtkenv4win32	1	No specific role
bsimpson888	mfbo	1	No specific role
bsimser	neutrinonet	1	Project Manager
bsimser	gnu-stwg	1	Project Manager
bsimser	gnu-ge	1	No specific role
bsimser	ffengine	1	No specific role
bsimser	toonlab	1	No specific role
bsimser	spswrappers	1	No specific role
bsimser	sptemplates	1	No specific role
bsimser	cbs	1	Project Manager
bsimser	cdx	1	Project Manager
bsinou	djanet	1	No specific role
bsinou	djaccount	0	Developer
bsirq	stickynotenet	0	Developer
bsisko	docright	1	Developer
bsittler	mod-pubsub	1	Developer
bsitton	chcchurch	0	Developer
bsi_steve	bsi-mak-scripts	0	Developer
bsjawle	stencyc	0	Developer
bsjawle	algebradb	0	Developer
bsjeep	mythbuddy	1	Developer
bskaarup	microbrowser	1	Developer
bskerlecz	dbusnotifygnome	1	No specific role
bskibinski	mycash	0	All-Hands Person
bskrapits	qwikiwiki	1	Developer
bsl	openpoplog	0	Developer
bslaughter	wvrfid	1	Developer
bsletten	pinky	0	No specific role
bsmeister	pcgen	0	Support Manager
bsmifff	pyhvl	1	Developer
bsmith	poe	0	Developer
bsmith	colibri	0	Developer
bsmith	fifth	1	All-Hands Person
bsmith1180	tomahawk	1	No specific role
bsmntbombdood	phpmyfiles	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bsmntbombdood	awos	0	Developer
bsnandini	decigen	0	No specific role
bsnandini	opentelco	0	DBA (Database Administrator)
bsniffen_mitre	polgen	1	Developer
bsnx	crashpoint	0	No specific role
bsnyder3	wordfreak	0	No specific role
bso06352	bso06352actions	1	No specific role
bsobel	misterhouse	0	Developer
bsod	neoengine	0	Developer
bsod	liblwo	1	Project Manager
bsoft16384	gtkwifi	1	No specific role
bsoft16384	bsoftplayer	1	No specific role
bsoftwaregroup	bsys93	1	Developer
bsokol	gotham	1	No specific role
bsolano	isis	1	Developer
bsolano	biosis	1	Project Manager
bsoldan	utplsqldwh	1	No specific role
bsolon	wozos	1	No specific role
bsophie	neogia	0	Editorial/Content Writer
bsorav	pintos5	1	No specific role
bsot	cmsonic	1	No specific role
bsottomayor	magicbeans	0	No specific role
bsp77	tkscript	1	No specific role
bsp98ht	cybera	0	Developer
bspead	onforme	1	No specific role
bspence	saftest	1	Developer
bspirovski	timsm	1	Project Manager
bsponline	bspmodule	1	No specific role
bsponline	jfileexplorer	1	Developer
bsponline	ppi	1	No specific role
bspotato	bspcc	1	No specific role
bspotato	linzhi	1	No specific role
bspuida	sharpdevelop	0	Support Manager
bsquarednc	pmml	0	Developer
bsriram	ibx	0	No specific role
bsriram	ibconsole	0	No specific role
bssahu	jfileexplorer	0	Developer
bsslab	vamnet	1	No specific role
bssteph	storyfold	1	No specific role
bsstmiller	chromeportal	1	Project Manager
bsstmiller	uopl	1	Project Manager
bsstmiller	dbexpressplus	1	Project Manager
bsszerot	cosiculs	1	No specific role
bst82551	k-meleon	1	No specific role
bst82551	kmeleon	0	Project Manager
bstaeheli	phpope	0	Developer
bstafford	textchomper	1	No specific role
bstahl	glucozaurus	1	Developer
bstahl	glucosaurus	1	No specific role
bstancil	cbr	1	No specific role
bstankie	vizard	0	No specific role
bstansberry	jboss	0	Developer
bstansberry	javagroups	0	Developer
bstar	phpmycomic	1	No specific role
bstard	kma	1	No specific role
bstard	clanphp	1	No specific role
bstard	drip	1	Project Manager
bstard	dp500serv	0	Developer
bstarynk	poesia	1	No specific role
bstarynk	shweby	0	Developer
bstarynk	icap-server	0	Developer
bstarynk	ling	0	Developer
bstefano79	bluewalk	0	Web Designer
bstempi	vncgcc	1	Developer
bstern	eyeball	0	Developer
bstevant	fasmz	0	Analysis / Design
bstevant	texcdcover	1	No specific role
bstevant	wysigo	0	All-Hands Person
bstevensslc	javapepper	1	No specific role
bstevenstivo	tivohme	1	Project Manager
bstia	motioncodecs	1	No specific role
bstinso	nullpath	1	No specific role
bstobart	progect	0	Requirements Engineering
bstokes	anitacode	0	No specific role
bstory	webuserprefs	1	No specific role
bstpierre	psp-web	1	No specific role
bstpierre	express	1	No specific role
bstpierre	quack	1	No specific role
bstpierre	gscheduler	1	No specific role
bstqc-kh	crackerjack	0	Developer
bstrasser	goanna	0	No specific role
bstrauss3	ntop	1	Developer
bstrauss3	pmmm	1	No specific role
bstreule	pt-framework	1	Developer
bsturgen	srvrcomponent	1	All-Hands Person
bsully	simep	0	Developer
bsumedialibrary	bsumedialibrary	1	No specific role
bsun	cofaxsdp	1	Developer
bsupnik	simh	1	Project Manager
bsutton	ghostscript-rpm	1	No specific role
bsutton	battlefieldjava	1	No specific role
bsutton	asterfax	1	Developer
bsutton	ravr	1	Developer
bsutton	repo-man	1	No specific role
bswan	exactor	1	Developer
bswan	exoftware1	1	Developer
bswart	cupid	1	Project Manager
bswerts	brabosphere	1	Developer
bswhb	tvforge	1	No specific role
bswift	ftnpl	0	Developer
bswylie	chordtheory	1	No specific role
bs_php	phpxpath	1	Project Manager
bs_php	phpxml	0	Developer
bs_php	phpdocu	0	Developer
bs_php	js-rs	1	No specific role
bs_venki_77	ulla	0	No specific role
bt-ocean	dictionarymid	0	Developer
bt1cu	mycore	1	Developer
bt27uk	stars	0	No specific role
bt338	pv951	0	Developer
bt66	oslivehelp	1	Project Manager
btafoya	openrealty-rss	1	No specific role
btafoya	webeagle	1	No specific role
btafoya	taskware	0	Developer
btakahashi	omnitty	1	No specific role
btakahashi	quoprint	1	No specific role
btakahashi	rote	1	No specific role
btakahashi	aewan	1	No specific role
btakahashi	barcold	1	Developer
btakashi	bspg	0	Developer
btakita	poof	1	No specific role
btallman	shareportal	1	No specific role
btallman	tikiwiki	0	Developer
btandresen	frontierkernel	0	Developer
btardif	innux	0	Developer
btarianto	libcircsys	0	Tester
btateyama	jedit	0	Developer
btb	xrazzle	1	No specific role
btb	gtkmm	0	Developer
btb	gtkextramm	0	Developer
btburns	ksmoothdock	0	Developer
btburns	read4me	0	Developer
btbuxton	timeandmoney	1	Project Manager
btbytes	mail2feed	1	No specific role
btbytes	ploneinvite	0	Developer
btbytes	plonecaptcha	0	Developer
btbytes	ploneskype	0	Developer
btcarver	phark	1	Developer
btcarver	phpslash	0	No specific role
btcentral	btcentral-pws	1	No specific role
btcentral	caedo	0	Tester
btchurch	hangul	1	No specific role
btdids	knecs	1	Project Manager
btdunnette	miso	1	No specific role
btech1	btech1	1	Developer
bteitler	minilith	0	Developer
btenison	rio500	1	No specific role
bterbush	statj	1	No specific role
btexact	jcert	1	No specific role
btexier	versaille	1	Project Manager
btfpl	palmbibleplus	0	Developer
bth0002	pyspider	1	Project Manager
bth0002	pytank	1	No specific role
bth0002	clntserverexec	1	No specific role
bthaeler	legousb	0	Developer
bthaeler	dslinux	0	Developer
bthale	jbunittest	1	No specific role
bthansen	bzflag	0	Developer
btheado	babbleback	1	No specific role
btheado	tkoutline	1	No specific role
bthery	fmipv6	1	No specific role
bthomasch	simplechessvb	1	No specific role
bthome80	kasws	0	Developer
bthomp	jed-d2h	1	All-Hands Person
bthomps	ogexchange	0	No specific role
bthoward	funnie	1	Project Manager
btibuzz	gunnar	0	Tester
btice	ibvre	0	Requirements Engineering
btietz	pentagram	0	Developer
btihanyi	nclass	1	No specific role
btihanyi	codemasters	1	Developer
btihanyi	nloc	1	No specific role
btijhuis	sql-ledger	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
btimby	thedirector	1	No specific role
btimby	inodefs	1	No specific role
btimothy	personallog	1	Developer
btito	pnphpbb2	1	Developer
btittelbach	abusenetstreamr	1	Project Manager
btittelbach	sweb	1	Project Manager
btknorr	dynomitest	1	No specific role
btknorr	watif	1	No specific role
btknorr	watij	1	All-Hands Person
btknorr	flexor	1	Project Manager
btm	synedit	0	No specific role
btmiller	njudge-web	1	Project Manager
btmiller	njudge	1	Project Manager
btmnosi	probtm	1	No specific role
btmnosi	nmedialibrary	1	Developer
btneptune	nwe	0	Developer
btng	sla	1	No specific role
btnguyen	ddth	1	No specific role
btobin	eaitoolbox	1	Project Manager
btoddb	icebrew	1	No specific role
btodoroff	bitweaver	1	No specific role
btodoroff	tikipro	1	Project Manager
btodoroff	tikiwiki	0	Developer
btoelkes	focalizer	1	Developer
btol45	ideaglue	1	No specific role
btol45	cjan	1	Project Manager
btollefson	geopal	1	Developer
btolman	gpstk	1	Developer
btomasini	basicportal	0	Developer
btomasini	rs-codegen	1	No specific role
btompkins	wsmq	1	No specific role
btomw	live-edit	1	No specific role
btoplak	crosmf	1	Developer
btorstei	cerebrum	0	No specific role
btosic	isportal05	0	Developer
btot	tiny-cobol	0	Developer
btouchet	clawfigurator	1	No specific role
btoumi	koha	0	Developer
btoupsjr	mallrat	1	No specific role
btoupsjr	openbay	1	No specific role
btoupsjr	stingray	1	Project Manager
btrammell	leapfrog-mars	1	No specific role
btrammell	aircert	1	No specific role
btraynor	linuxsh	0	Developer
btremblay	lookstrike	1	Developer
btribit	micomt	1	Developer
btribit	benson	1	All-Hands Person
btricha	jpowerflow	1	Project Manager
btrivedi	s4pm	1	Unix Admin
btrjc	doas	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
btrotter	bzflag-console	1	No specific role
btrotter	phploganalyzer	1	No specific role
btrower	toogles	1	No specific role
btrower	base64	1	No specific role
btrummer	iiiasn1	1	Project Manager
btrummer	moagg	1	No specific role
btruquet	arnold	0	Developer
btrzcinski	netcomm	1	No specific role
btrzcinski	gcat	1	No specific role
btrzupek	javaonrails	1	No specific role
bts	coggs	1	All-Hands Person
btsbekor	loglimiter	1	No specific role
btscully	mx4j	0	Developer
btscully	neurogrid	0	Developer
btsung	ta-lib	0	Developer
bttfman	playshare-class	1	No specific role
bttfpromo	blogger-lite	1	No specific role
bttfpromo	zenix	1	No specific role
bttr	srdisk	0	No specific role
bturowski	uttm	1	Developer
btutt	p2c	1	Project Manager
btutt	edna	0	Developer
btux9	tivowebplus	1	Developer
btux9	tivoserver	0	Developer
btve	canon-d1250	0	Tester
btvnlue	blockwork	1	No specific role
btvnlue	scijiki	1	No specific role
btw	bwmei	1	No specific role
btw	tcpnetstat	1	No specific role
btwomack	pfunit	1	Project Manager
btwomack	esmfcontrib	0	Developer
btwomack	esmf	0	Developer
btyndall	sedulous	1	No specific role
btyntchpw	phpstats	1	No specific role
bt_	tactic	0	Developer
bt_igi	nearinfinity	0	Developer
bu22	gamebase	1	No specific role
buaawhl	fastm	1	No specific role
buaawhl	lightor	1	No specific role
buaawhl	lightweb	1	No specific role
buano	nemosomen	0	No specific role
buanzo	ahs	1	No specific role
buanzo	genetic	1	No specific role
buanzo	isstf	0	Doc Writer
buba111	projetbdl-annpr	1	Developer
buba111	hippocampe	1	Developer
bubbadoe	domo	1	Project Manager
bubbakk	freeneco	1	No specific role
bubbakko	bubbug	1	No specific role
bubbameetze	josmail	0	Developer
bubbawilson	olbookmarks	1	No specific role
bubble2k2	snezziboy	1	No specific role
bubble76	phpmyxmladmin	1	No specific role
bubble76	firebirdexpress	1	Developer
bubbleblower	disastersys	0	Developer
bubbleblower	richtext	0	Developer
bubbledragon	linguaexplorer	1	No specific role
bubbleman	opentibia	0	Developer
bubblenut	phpmio	1	No specific role
bubblenut	phpdance	1	No specific role
bubbler	jobdii	0	Developer
bubblesort	abccreator	1	No specific role
bubblez	j2mime	0	All-Hands Person
bubbling	bubbling	1	No specific role
bubelgum	jremotedialer	1	Project Manager
bubelgum	pbrane	1	Developer
bubelgum	nolife	1	Project Manager
bubendorf	jnex	1	Developer
bubi	jxmlguibuilder	0	Developer
bubibubi	cse	1	No specific role
bubitek	db12	0	Developer
bublik	bugzilla-de	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bubo277	comform	1	No specific role
bubo277	fckeditor	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
buboi	rmftrace	1	No specific role
bubonic	jimjava	0	Developer
bubuchka	cdbkup	1	Developer
bubuchka	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
bubule	php4php	1	No specific role
bubulemag	mobypalm	1	No specific role
bubulemag	acity	1	No specific role
bubulemag	andrea-upnp	1	No specific role
bubuq	problem-xml	0	Developer
bubux	aisw	1	No specific role
bubu_herodes	nocassist	0	Developer
buc	phpwapmail	1	No specific role
bucanero	vmutool	1	Project Manager
buccella	sblim	1	Developer
bucci	expdesign	1	No specific role
bucci	storagetests	1	No specific role
bucciarati	pigeonair	1	Developer
bucciarati	mpc123	1	No specific role
bucciarati	burningstation	1	No specific role
buchalka	jode	0	Developer
buchan	stepmania	0	Developer
buchan	smonline	0	No specific role
buchanmilne	theshire	0	No specific role
buche67	footballfever	1	No specific role
buchhetn	simsrv	1	Developer
buchholz	qref	0	Developer
buchholzs	plushplayer	1	Developer
buchmaj	catapultframewk	1	Developer
buchmann	jpgadmin	0	Developer
buchmann	merge	1	No specific role
buchsmat	dicodess	1	Project Manager
buchsmat	vfsh	0	Developer
buchtic	rss-builder	0	Developer
buchubaron	eduslug	0	Developer
bucii	smvc	1	No specific role
buckanear7	gcc-coco	0	Developer
buckbell	wordaloud	1	No specific role
buckersher	smblaunch	1	No specific role
bucket	cup-language	1	Project Manager
bucket	bucket	1	Project Manager
bucklandj	tasktimer	1	Project Manager
buckler4	tassel	1	No specific role
buckler4	gdpdm	0	Developer
buckler4	gdpc	0	Developer
buckleup	statemirror	1	No specific role
buckminst	hogwash	0	Developer
bucko	lightbikes3d	0	Developer
bucko	lamebot	1	No specific role
bucko04	nexgen	1	All-Hands Person
buckoven	iso-tonic	1	No specific role
buckrey	ep2g	1	No specific role
buckrogers	hl7lib	1	All-Hands Person
buckshot21	gervasproject	0	Tester
buckskin	pgmfi	0	Developer
buckstephenh	duoshare	1	No specific role
buckwheat469	project-timer	1	Project Manager
bucovina	sasql	0	Developer
buczak	dftps	0	Developer
buc_tm	a-lemmings	1	Developer
bud-froggy	alvin	1	Project Manager
bud-froggy	logd	1	Developer
buda	cadastrogn	1	No specific role
budaf	gpager	1	No specific role
budbox	amaltasy	0	Editorial/Content Writer
budd	adi	0	Developer
budd	newbiedoc	0	Doc Writer
buddabing	cpmaker	1	No specific role
buddachile	opensymphero	0	No specific role
buddachile	xao	0	Analysis / Design
buddapxx	modcc	1	Unix Admin
buddhafly	sotf	0	Developer
buddhakahn	pn-modules	0	Developer
buddhalinux	wyneken	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
buddhie1	pocketloop	0	No specific role
buddhie1	sakthi	0	Developer
buddingb	samc	1	Project Manager
buddingb	morbidstar	1	No specific role
buddy132	nep-unico-roman	1	No specific role
buddy1974	propsorter	1	Developer
buddy1974	zclipse	0	No specific role
buddy1974	turbineeclipse	1	Developer
buddybrewer	kluje	1	No specific role
buddy_dacote	shader	1	Project Manager
buddy_wu	geoassistant	0	Developer
budelius	ktv-manager	1	Project Manager
budgester	irm	1	Developer
budiharto	samba-usrmgr	1	No specific role
budks	sahana	0	Developer
budks	chalana	1	No specific role
budks	findthem	1	No specific role
budks	openwebkb	1	No specific role
budks	taprobane	1	Developer
budlite	neptune-linux	0	Developer
budpbruegger	openportalguard	1	Project Manager
budreckytej	stepmod	0	Developer
budse	kesasar	1	Developer
budtse	clamwin	0	Developer
budu3	rappel	1	No specific role
budullo	cacawet	0	Developer
buecher	shark-project	0	Developer
bueckemeyer1	ogosugar	1	No specific role
buecking	pgtools	1	Developer
buehlmann	plone	0	No specific role
buehlmann	collective	0	Developer
buellmaster	l2rename	1	No specific role
buellmaster	hwi-a	1	No specific role
buennagel	phpclanlog	1	Project Manager
buennagel	phpduploc	1	No specific role
buennagel	phpmajoradmin	1	No specific role
buennagel	formps	1	All-Hands Person
buennagel	zang	1	All-Hands Person
buennagel	xoops	0	Developer
bueno9596	gladiatorgames	0	Developer
buente	jvoicexml	0	Developer
buergmann	bvi	1	No specific role
buerkeva	xweaver	0	Developer
buerkle	barcode4j	0	Developer
buermann	dirt-client	0	No specific role
buerobyte	openmetix	1	Project Manager
bueroman	tapioca-voip	1	Project Manager
bueschi	jptools	0	Developer
buessow	orfer	1	Project Manager
buettel	pong42	1	No specific role
buey	cperipherals	1	Project Manager
buffalo	vpopmanager	1	No specific role
buffalo	vlmgr	0	Developer
buffalo	oncall	1	No specific role
buffen	mysql-faq	1	Project Manager
buffer	raw-icmp	1	No specific role
buffer0verflow	liquidp2p	1	Developer
bufferbob	microbes	1	Developer
bufferoverflow	e-share	1	No specific role
bufferoverflow	ieedit	1	No specific role
buffik	alien-force-pas	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bufflig	jungerl	1	No specific role
bufflig	wings	1	Developer
bufflig	fma	0	Developer
bufflig	esdl	1	Developer
bufflig	erlgtk	1	Developer
buffoon	watten	1	No specific role
buffoverflow	double-helix	1	No specific role
buffoverflow	cosi-nms	0	Developer
bufon	sakreble	0	Developer
bufran	minila	1	All-Hands Person
bug-emjay	mod500	0	Project Manager
bug1	libmd5-rfc	0	Developer
bug2bug	zplane	1	No specific role
bug7a	maymuncuk	1	No specific role
buganini	amidala	1	No specific role
bugant	yaacs	1	Developer
bugar	sim-icq	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bugar	jin-im	1	Developer
bugbane	badwm	0	No specific role
bugbarbq	phpelection	1	No specific role
bugbert	phpcss	1	No specific role
bugbert	editmage	1	No specific role
bugblatter	halflifeadmin	0	Developer
bugblatterbeast	beachfable	1	No specific role
bugblue	tradeclient	0	No specific role
bugbomb	rockserv	0	Tester
bugboom	mednafen	1	No specific role
bugbytes	eventservice	0	Developer
bugcreator	ickle	0	Developer
buge	whitespaceide	1	No specific role
bugermass	pgmfi	0	Content Management
bugfarmer	phpmyleagues	0	Developer
bugfinder_unido	bugfinder	1	No specific role
bugfix	autoit-hilfe	0	No specific role
bugfix4u	barracudamvc	1	Unix Admin
bugfixer42	a-conman	1	Developer
bugfixes	panduanphp	1	Project Manager
bugg	ggz	0	No specific role
bugg5	lilproxy	1	Project Manager
buggaboo	buildslackbuild	1	All-Hands Person
buggedcom	paddle	1	No specific role
bugger16	rupix	1	Developer
buggfix	timewalk	1	Project Manager
buggins	crengine	1	No specific role
buggrit	opennomic	1	Project Manager
buggs	eagleplayer	1	Project Manager
buggsbunny101	dive-o-matic	1	No specific role
buggs_fr	gestlibr	1	No specific role
buggs_fr	lp-manager	1	Project Manager
buggs_fr	striliser	1	Unix Admin
buggybrain	vortex-game	1	Developer
bughunter1	pebble-edit	1	No specific role
bughunter2	defero	1	No specific role
bughunter2	httpsv	1	Project Manager
bughunter78	phoenixosfs	0	Developer
bughunter78	csng	1	All-Hands Person
bugjoe	schafkopfen	1	Developer
bugless	squid	0	Developer
bugmaster510945	dnsmanager	1	Project Manager
bugoy	rampart3d	1	Developer
bugra	gpasman	1	No specific role
bugrain	e107	0	Tester
bugs	linux-vr	0	Developer
bugs4hj	multizilla	1	No specific role
bugs5382	supportvl2pack	1	All-Hands Person
bugs5382	stcgame	1	All-Hands Person
bugs5382	vbmodificatiopk	1	All-Hands Person
bugseeker	lessonbuilder	0	Developer
bugshideout	treesize	1	No specific role
bugslayer	quick	1	No specific role
bugsleto	cardkiosk	1	Developer
bugspray	gtwar	1	Project Manager
bugspray	efum	0	Developer
bugstalk	broadcast	1	Project Manager
bugstalk	orgasmica	0	Web Designer
bugsyro	phpbb2modificat	0	Developer
bugsysop	samizdat-tools	1	No specific role
bugs_bunny8	marvell-kernel	1	No specific role
bugx	wmibbrowser	1	No specific role
bugx	open-v-chat	1	No specific role
bugx32	comma	0	Web Designer
bugzbrown	sitephramework	1	No specific role
bugzill	jorm	1	Project Manager
bugzilla_zhu	conflib	0	Developer
bugzilla_zhu	shellweb	0	No specific role
bugzpodder	rblqubic	1	No specific role
bug_hunter	freelords	0	Graphic/Other Designer
bug_hunter	xtux	0	No specific role
buhar	mdms	1	No specific role
buhar	amupper	1	No specific role
buhatkj	audiolibrary	1	No specific role
buhatkj	fmorg	1	No specific role
buhla	gophers-den	0	Developer
buhmann	qingu	0	Developer
buhmann	qingu-doc	0	No specific role
buhrmi	javagp	1	No specific role
buickid	mcmwt	1	Project Manager
buikema	projectwatcher	0	Developer
buildap	vcb	0	Project Manager
builderchad	eclipseterminal	1	No specific role
buildere	wxdsgn	0	Developer
builderindy	builderindyex	1	No specific role
builderman	score2	1	No specific role
builderspot	samedesk	0	Developer
buildguypentaho	pentaho	0	Developer
builditqld	urunlevel	0	Tester
builditqld	my-linux	0	Support Manager
buildmeister	hoteldejava	1	No specific role
buildmeister	clearantlib	1	All-Hands Person
buildmeister	clearcruiselib	1	No specific role
buildmeister	cruiseedit	1	No specific role
buildup_	pymantra	1	No specific role
buildup_	yaron	1	No specific role
buithehoa	xulib	1	Developer
buithehoa	teamworks	1	Developer
buitres18	admindb	0	Developer
buiviethung	maiworks	1	No specific role
buja0911	enterprise	0	Developer
bujakc	billmate	0	Developer
bujin	xoops	0	Tester
buju	stg	0	Developer
buk110	mp3libbuilder	1	Developer
buka117	calc-3d	0	Developer
bukerinux	hfdm	1	No specific role
bukinm	alleg	0	Developer
buknicht	syslogng-wbm	1	No specific role
buknicht	ooolib	0	Developer
buksti	logh	1	No specific role
bulach	bmpx-dbus-joyst	1	No specific role
bulba	argante	0	Developer
bulbjh	multignometerm	0	Developer
bulebu	bulebu	1	No specific role
bulemar	unimod	0	Developer
bulentoktem	asteriskbilling	0	Developer
bulentozturk	statcountex	1	No specific role
buletti	wlandscape	0	Developer
buletti	jogomap	1	Developer
bulg	qbe1t	1	No specific role
buliabyak	inkscape	1	Developer
buliang	remository	0	Developer
bulibo	phphramework	1	Project Manager
bulibo	small	1	No specific role
bulibuta	opengl3dwm	0	Developer
bulio	editall	1	No specific role
bulit	bdmailerdaemon	1	Developer
bulk70	myticket	1	Project Manager
bulkamulka	pyxx-tiles	1	No specific role
bulkan	pypsp	1	No specific role
bulkstream	dkfd	1	No specific role
bulkstream	socks-relay	1	No specific role
bulkybull	didma	1	No specific role
bulla46	spca50x	0	Developer
bulla46	linux-migration	0	No specific role
bulla46	kde-redhat	0	Developer
bulld0zzer	styleirc	0	Support Manager
bulld0zzer	cubeirc	1	Developer
bulldog121985	mclarobotics	0	Developer
bulldog74	phoenixosfs	0	Developer
bulldogtor	tikiwiki	0	Developer
bulleh2004	gamers-fusion	0	Developer
bullestock	tortoisecvs	1	Developer
bullestock	cvssccplugin	1	Project Manager
bullet	pure-linux	1	All-Hands Person
bullet	hlmaster	1	Developer
bullet	intraaa-net	1	Project Manager
bullfax	arkhamrpg	0	Developer
bullhunter74	markad	0	Developer
bulli-frank	spchat	0	Developer
bullines	justcheckers	1	Developer
bullines	tetris-sharp	0	Developer
bullmount	httpcomp-net	1	No specific role
bullock	makeupdate	1	Developer
bullotto	phplanning	1	No specific role
bullpen	plm	0	Developer
bullpen	publictimestamp	0	No specific role
bullpen	lbs	0	No specific role
bullpen	linstab	1	Developer
bullpen	stp	1	Project Manager
bullpen	osdldbt	1	Developer
bullvi	php-ensim	1	No specific role
bullvi	webphlog	1	No specific role
bullyman	island-worlds	0	Developer
bulot	bulot	1	No specific role
bultrowicz	didaskon	1	Developer
bultrowicz	foafrealm	0	Developer
bultrowicz	hypercup	1	Developer
bultrowicz	resourcepocket	0	Developer
bulty	zmdns	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bulwiak	interpreter-rpz	0	Developer
bulwiak	apii-ugen	0	Developer
bumbar	trustidportal	0	Developer
bumble	trafix	1	Project Manager
bumble	allocator	1	Project Manager
bumbler	adagen	1	Project Manager
bumbler	php-fusebox	1	No specific role
bumby	gogg	1	Developer
bumin12	usis	0	Developer
bumodo	modi	1	No specific role
bumppo	box-stuffer	1	No specific role
bumpyflea	orbital	0	Developer
bun--bun	ocrpg	1	Developer
bunced	openlp	0	Doc Writer
bunced	livevis	1	No specific role
bunchr	oraschemadoc	0	No specific role
bundagan	muntyengine	1	No specific role
bundleofnoodles	j2megamingbook	0	Graphic/Other Designer
bunfield	osgqtproducer	1	No specific role
bunfung	elchat	0	No specific role
bung	fathead	1	No specific role
bungalowbill	textcode	1	No specific role
bunge	swedewar	1	No specific role
bungeejumper	emailstuffer	1	No specific role
bungenstock	mibu-asn1-lib	1	No specific role
bungopolis	kiwisuite	1	Project Manager
bungopolis	spinachphp	1	Developer
bungrudi	hireway	1	No specific role
bungrudi	edunesia	1	No specific role
bunhow	tetangga	1	No specific role
bunjiboys	whitehat	0	All-Hands Person
bunk	fds-build	1	No specific role
bunk3r	dynamicgotcha	1	Developer
bunker	bisker	1	No specific role
bunki	psched	1	No specific role
bunninator	cloudquest	1	No specific role
bunny21	batchmanager	1	No specific role
bunnyhop	knowledgebase2	1	No specific role
bunnyhop	raidorganizer	1	Project Manager
bunny_nuno	rpbomb	1	Developer
bunny_nuno	libyet	0	Developer
bunny_rabbit	archivexindex	0	Doc Writer
bunnz	purplesharp	1	Project Manager
bunnz	purple	1	All-Hands Person
bunnz	ovorp	0	Developer
bunnzy	iboard	0	Developer
buns_cc	phpbuns	1	No specific role
buntekuh	jcal	1	No specific role
bunti	pyphone	1	No specific role
bunyamin	webekci	1	No specific role
bunyete	jamec	1	No specific role
bunyip42	arhive	1	No specific role
bunyip_admin	bunyip	1	No specific role
buoncri	missionario	1	No specific role
bupson	tornadoserver	1	No specific role
buquetbi	lnis	1	Developer
buraka	genepal	0	No specific role
burakakkas	editor001	1	No specific role
burakbayramli	cmucamj	1	No specific role
burakcayir	chaylak	1	No specific role
burakcayir	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
burakcayir	remotecalendars	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
burakcayir	trublog	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
burakg	apl	1	No specific role
burakki	dos64	1	No specific role
burakkutlu	isbiology	0	Developer
buraks78	burakgantt	1	No specific role
buraksay	dmabco	0	Developer
buraq	amore	1	No specific role
buraq	scalawithsails	0	No specific role
buraq	sablaster	0	Developer
buras	powl	0	Developer
burasa	dhis	0	Developer
buratin	piton	0	Developer
burattino5	phpgenerator	1	No specific role
burbelgruff	boost	0	Developer
burbelgruff	boost-sandbox	0	No specific role
burbelgruff	clipp	1	Project Manager
burbelgruff	spirit	0	Developer
burchardt	jvlt	1	No specific role
burchbri	jjpasswordsafe	0	Developer
burchbri	ginp	0	Developer
burchell	rssdesk	1	Developer
burchr	pview32	1	No specific role
burda	webmancer	1	No specific role
burdell2k	mental-nn	1	No specific role
burdettd	docsoapxdk	1	No specific role
bure4ever	ocvolume	0	Developer
bureau42	dcdplayer	1	No specific role
burelo	darkmail	1	Developer
buret54	motu	1	Developer
burgbach	pyut	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
burgbach	progect	1	Developer
burgbach	pdesk	1	No specific role
burgbach	simnetq	1	No specific role
burger	demolization	0	No specific role
burger	kexxbros	1	No specific role
burger	kexx2	0	Developer
burger	kexxdropper	0	No specific role
burger100	aeruirc	0	Developer
burgerbill	doomlegacy	0	No specific role
burgerm	runit	1	No specific role
burgerman	amsn	1	Developer
burgerman	battleship3d	1	Developer
burgerman	tapioca-voip	0	Developer
burgerman	farsight	1	Project Manager
burgerman	gaim-vv	0	Developer
burgerman	interphone	1	Developer
burgerman1977	restaurantmgr	1	No specific role
burgetpa	profim	1	No specific role
burghardt	clamfs	1	No specific role
burghardt	openchatterbox	1	All-Hands Person
burghart	nslu	0	Developer
burgpflanze	cdburner	1	No specific role
burguay	bulix	1	No specific role
burgundavia	openuserful	1	Project Manager
burhan_21	openburhan	1	No specific role
buri01	projecteq	0	Developer
burito	ahscs	0	Developer
buriy	aerials-vs-xcom	1	No specific role
burk	projectudi	1	All-Hands Person
burke3gd	php-pr	1	No specific role
burkesquires	ber	0	Developer
burke_e	netime	1	No specific role
burkhold	areaj	1	No specific role
burkhold	wonder	0	No specific role
burkley	xmsf	0	Developer
burkovsky	myworkflow	1	No specific role
burkovsky	mytracker	1	Project Manager
burlaka	fcmd	1	Project Manager
burlen_l	chhdf52vtkflat	1	No specific role
burley	alexandria	1	Support Technician
burley	project	1	No specific role
burley	sitedocs	0	Tester
burley	sitenews	1	Developer
burley	sfnet-operations	1	Analysis / Design
burley0727	marblehorse	0	No specific role
burlinski	finch	1	Developer
burlnet	groupsuite	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
burmagroup	libwebserv	1	No specific role
burmagroup	rangoontime	1	All-Hands Person
burmanng	core-52n	1	Project Manager
burmanng	incubator-52n	1	No specific role
burmanng	students-52n	1	No specific role
burmecian	hgengine	0	No specific role
burmjohn	homemate	1	No specific role
burn8	ideolog	1	No specific role
burnat	smeserver	0	Tester
burnchilds	gipconfig	0	Developer
burnchilds	fusionlinux	0	Developer
burndark	pyastman	0	No specific role
burner23	littlehelper	1	No specific role
burnermt	phpchrystal	0	Developer
burnettderek	battleship-arm	1	No specific role
burnettderek	outpost-vii	1	No specific role
burney	mystri	1	No specific role
burnin	quake2delphi	0	Developer
burnin	selectit	0	Developer
burnin	gexperts	0	Developer
burnin1965	dbtoform	1	No specific role
burnin1965	phpgirder	1	Project Manager
burningclown	loot	1	No specific role
burningdesigner	firstpoint	1	No specific role
burningeyeon	democrakey	1	No specific role
burningpi	kribbage	1	No specific role
burningshadow	syllable	0	Developer
burning_hill	mcrypt	0	Developer
burninleo	ofb	1	No specific role
burnjoe	winupdater	1	No specific role
burns86	virtualpuppet	0	Developer
burnsbert	omw	1	No specific role
burnsbert	movienutshell	1	No specific role
burnsmarty	cs-wizard	0	Developer
burnsmarty	aexdev	0	Developer
burnsmarty	cfidev	0	Tester
burnsy1882	netspeedometer	1	No specific role
burnsy1882	internetranger	1	Developer
burns_ethan	glutboard	1	Project Manager
burntbizzkit	jnetcube	1	No specific role
burntcircuit	ageofreedom	0	Web Designer
burntcircut	dumbo	0	Analysis / Design
burntfaceman	starfish3d	1	Developer
burntfuse	imcapd	1	No specific role
burnus	bugzilla-de	1	Project Manager
burnus	lsb	0	No specific role
burny_md	listproc	0	Developer
burny_md	bzflag	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
burnz	phpbbgallery	1	No specific role
burrenterprise1	hichat	1	No specific role
burris	bittorrent	0	Developer
burris	khashmir	1	No specific role
burris_ewell	tyrant	0	No specific role
burru	vulture	0	No specific role
bursa	netsurf	1	Developer
burschik	uncleflasher	1	No specific role
burschik	freecol	0	Developer
burst	gpproxy	0	Developer
burst2	filenamematcher	1	No specific role
burthawk101	gigs-2532	1	Developer
burtlo	eveweather	1	No specific role
burtlo	universalui	1	No specific role
burton	jogg	1	No specific role
burtonator	introspector	0	Developer
burtonator	javacore	1	No specific role
burtonator	ecb	0	Developer
burtonator	ejab	0	Developer
burtonator	ngramcat	1	No specific role
burtonator	uml-emacs	1	No specific role
burtonator	axion	1	Developer
burtonator	cedet	0	Developer
burtonator	reptile	1	No specific role
burtonator	records	1	Developer
burtonini	gcm	0	Developer
burtonini	xournal	0	No specific role
burtsev	e1os	1	Developer
burzmali	xmlrpcgateway	1	Project Manager
burzmali	xenintranet	1	Project Manager
burzmali	ixas	1	No specific role
burzmali	magellancms	1	All-Hands Person
burzmali	magweblogger	1	No specific role
burzmali	freefields	1	Project Manager
burzmali	ampcentral	1	Project Manager
burzmali	ampwhois	1	Project Manager
burzmali	ampwebalizer	1	Project Manager
burzmali	ampjpcache	1	Project Manager
burzmali	amphtp	1	Project Manager
burzmali	amphtdig	1	Project Manager
burzmali	ampoliros	1	Project Manager
burzmali	newsfeeds	1	No specific role
burzmali	caladan	1	No specific role
burzmali	carthag	1	No specific role
burzmali	carthag-wui	1	No specific role
bur_gwah	tap-apps	0	Developer
busalacchie	phpoto	0	Tester
busa_blade	photos2dvd	1	No specific role
busa_blade	gnomadic	1	No specific role
busa_ru	stalonetray	1	No specific role
buscherl	laola	0	Developer
buschka02	sundog	0	All-Hands Person
buschnick	blackfish	1	Project Manager
buscone	liwe	0	No specific role
buserror	spiralmodular	0	Developer
busfahrer	xc-script	1	No specific role
busfahrer	opencbp	0	Developer
bushbo	physis	0	No specific role
bushfire-team	bushfire	0	Developer
bushing	gxm	1	No specific role
bushing	bidwatcher	1	No specific role
bushman_r	fresno	1	Developer
bushsf	avnmp	1	Project Manager
bushuhui	pykanjidict	1	No specific role
bushwakko	pythonmetric	1	Developer
bushwakko	lanusersystem	1	Developer
bushwald	loccode	1	No specific role
bushwald	dnrlogging	1	Developer
businessman2000	ppassistant	1	No specific role
businka	gamescrafters	0	Developer
busisoft	complat	0	Developer
busko	specview	1	Project Manager
busonerd	openevgalaxy	0	Developer
busonerd	dawnofinfinity	0	Developer
busonerd	ipodlinux	1	Developer
bussed	sunxacml	0	Developer
bustamam	oo-l10n-my	1	Project Manager
bustamam	kde-ms	0	All-Hands Person
bustamam	perluno	1	No specific role
bustamante	jlegoemu	1	Developer
bustersnyvel	utwrsodoku	1	No specific role
buster_de	phpoil	1	No specific role
busybee0	dbanywhere	1	Project Manager
busyboy	aismallutils	1	Developer
busygoogler	channel-e	1	No specific role
busygoogler	j2ee-examples	1	No specific role
busygoogler	mobile-nfs	1	No specific role
busypetz	matterofwar	0	Developer
busyrailman	busyrails	0	Developer
bus_driver	repositorybeans	0	Developer
butane	cayambe	0	Developer
butane	jmagic	1	Developer
butaniku	toriniku	1	No specific role
butchcassidy	jcollegetools	0	No specific role
butchcassidy	orgraph	1	No specific role
butcher308	vipsone	0	Developer
butcherch	easyupdate	1	No specific role
butcherch	enki	1	No specific role
butcherch	schwertreiter	1	Project Manager
buteau	tango-ds	0	Developer
butenuth	brass	1	No specific role
buti	diskothek	1	Developer
butiki	multidiary	1	No specific role
butiki	gsimpletron	1	Developer
butko	chess100	1	No specific role
butlerca	wyatt	0	No specific role
butlerlarry	komando	1	No specific role
butlermh	jessica	1	No specific role
butlermh	delicon	1	Project Manager
butlermh	fedi	1	Project Manager
butlermh	brownsauce	0	Developer
butlersean	pomygranite	1	No specific role
butltyl	scarlethawk	1	Project Manager
butor	butorwiki	1	No specific role
butorin	jchart	1	No specific role
butros	bluesock	1	No specific role
buts101	diydictionary	1	No specific role
butsuri	dejavu	0	Developer
butsyk	squid2db	1	No specific role
butter	pinky	1	Developer
butter	c2nak	1	No specific role
butter2421	stateofsiege	0	Developer
buttercupgreen	erfanserver	1	No specific role
buttercupgreen	erfanwiki	1	No specific role
buttercupgreen	maze3d	1	No specific role
butterfat	modauthopenid	1	No specific role
buttergemuese	xbmc	0	Developer
butterkeks5000	geneticboard	0	Graphic/Other Designer
buttimore	publicwhip	0	Developer
buttl	carola	1	No specific role
buttler	omini	1	No specific role
buttone	muclub	1	Project Manager
buttonfreak	wps	1	No specific role
buttonfreak	jsformdesigner	1	No specific role
butuzov	phpbb-rss	1	No specific role
butz	tik	0	No specific role
butz	incrtcl	0	Web Designer
butzen	agenda-livre	1	No specific role
butzi	motorobots	0	Developer
butzist	capi20proxy	1	Project Manager
butzist	butzbase	1	No specific role
buubt	cobel	1	Developer
buubt	jvmsaturn	1	No specific role
buubt	bjava	0	Developer
buuvei	openmn	0	Developer
buveurlarak	geamas-ng	0	Unix Admin
buweichiu	phpbb-tw	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
buweichiu	timedivider	1	No specific role
bux	mmkc	1	Developer
bux	rollerball	1	No specific role
buxo	ptviewer	1	No specific role
buyan-undrakh	mttt	0	Developer
buyant-orgil	mongolstamp	1	Project Manager
buya_vol	mttt	0	Developer
buya_vol	tmsi	1	No specific role
buyers	collectionmgr	1	No specific role
buytenh	bridge	1	No specific role
buytenh	ext2resize	0	Developer
buytenh	ffpf	1	Developer
buytenh	ffmpeg	0	Developer
buytenh	libivykis	1	No specific role
buytenh	ixp2xxx	1	No specific role
buytenh	ixp1200	1	Project Manager
buytenh	openjtag	0	Developer
buythebean	yoobin	1	No specific role
buzanits	kitty	1	Project Manager
buzanits	booosta	1	No specific role
buzdemir	gato	0	Developer
buzge	netspotter	0	Developer
buzi286	rftpdpr	1	Developer
buzib	battlelion	1	Developer
buzink	wikimap	1	No specific role
buziol_games	urbagility2demo	1	No specific role
buziol_games	marioforever	1	No specific role
buziol_games	madlocfuture	1	No specific role
buziol_games	madlocnoid	1	No specific role
buziol_games	stargrade	1	No specific role
buzlas	phpbbturkiye	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
buzlip01	spherep2p	1	Developer
buzlip01	gnuworld	0	Developer
buzlip01	feds	0	Developer
buzlip01	evilnet	1	Developer
buzlip01	windop	1	Developer
buzlip01	wem	1	Project Manager
buzlip01	musicom	1	No specific role
buzlip01	q-serv	1	No specific role
buzlip01	nserv	0	Developer
buzubuzu	goose	1	No specific role
buzz-lightyear	ogre4j	0	Developer
buzz123	p-ids	1	Project Manager
buzz123	templario	1	Developer
buzz123	dnasystem	0	Developer
buzz123	neteffect	1	No specific role
buzz57	goozzee	1	No specific role
buzzard	oucc	0	Web Designer
buzzard2501	fahstats	1	No specific role
buzzbuzzu	drakesdcphantom	1	No specific role
buzzcut71	fragmend	0	Developer
buzzelli	meshlab	0	Developer
buzzibaer	kwh	1	Project Manager
buzzki11	support-kbase	0	Developer
buzzmaster	legnetrpc	1	No specific role
buzzoneandonly	dgpf	0	Developer
buzzons	knock	0	No specific role
buzzreiserfs	kixote	1	Project Manager
buzzstreck	theresa	0	Tester
buzzwang	odm	1	No specific role
buzzz321	ummc	0	Developer
buzzzo	w3bb3r	1	No specific role
buzz_1001	hpop	0	Tester
buzz_kill	statsme	0	Developer
buzz_nl	sdl-interface	1	Developer
bu_group1	mas3	1	No specific role
bu_jiva18	xvr2	0	All-Hands Person
bu_jiva18	clawlib	1	Developer
bu_jiva18	hivex	0	All-Hands Person
bu_jiva18	vcasino	0	Tester
bv12	post-it	0	No specific role
bv3r	lessa	1	All-Hands Person
bvalek2	aae	1	No specific role
bvali	gaimxmmsed	1	Developer
bvan	perl-pbs-acc	1	No specific role
bvan	ldap-browser	1	No specific role
bvan	ldap-group-adm	1	No specific role
bvan	simplex-calcul	1	No specific role
bvandenbogaard	ecms	1	No specific role
bvanderkimpen	dokeos	0	Developer
bvanherreweghe	taggingmanager	1	Project Manager
bvanherreweghe	newsrssmanager	1	Unix Admin
bvanluipen	aplaws	0	Developer
bvanluipen	iman-repos	1	Developer
bvanosten	bugzillax	1	No specific role
bvanschaik	wifimon	1	No specific role
bvanschaik	kopy	1	No specific role
bvarley	gradebooks	0	Developer
bvdeenen	jclass	1	No specific role
bvdmerwe	afrikaans	1	Project Manager
bvdvecht	spyse	0	Developer
bvdvelde	makumba	0	Developer
bvenners	suiterunner	1	No specific role
bvericool	geoapi	0	Developer
bvericool	geobject	1	Project Manager
bvermeul	at76c503a	1	Developer
bvf	spaceracer	1	No specific role
bvg	tiffanys	1	Developer
bvg	ihm	1	Developer
bvg	jstart32	1	No specific role
bvg	jflightlog	1	No specific role
bvg	dejavoodoo	1	No specific role
bvgastel	pitoolkit	1	No specific role
bvharidas	nbfw	0	No specific role
bvh_is_best	threedom	1	No specific role
bvidinli	ehcp	1	Developer
bvidix	bvidivx	1	No specific role
bvierra	uasite	0	Developer
bviksoe	bvrde	1	No specific role
bviksoe	wtl	0	Developer
bvinhal	care2002	0	Developer
bvisscher	gnv	0	Developer
bvk007	cmdbgroep4	0	Project Manager
bvold	openecommerce	0	No specific role
bvsemmer	ogre	0	No specific role
bvsimmons	instantobjects	0	Developer
bvukich	shorewall	0	Doc Writer
bvukov	importiislog	1	No specific role
bvukov	mssql2pgsql	1	Project Manager
bvwelch	jalethernet	1	Project Manager
bvwelch	picnet	1	No specific role
bwa	e1000	1	All-Hands Person
bwackensquork	pmm-cms	1	Project Manager
bwaechter	eaasyst	0	No specific role
bwagner-mitai	tinyos	0	Developer
bwahn	kincodec	1	Project Manager
bwajtr	bd-container	1	Project Manager
bwakkie	linpha	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
bwalle	most4linux	1	No specific role
bwalle	muttprint	1	No specific role
bwan	cuviewer	1	Project Manager
bwang00	javagroups	0	Developer
bwang00	jboss	0	Developer
bward2	doorman	1	No specific role
bward2	expaminator	1	No specific role
bware	nouveau	0	Developer
bware	wikido	1	No specific role
bwarrick2	iisrelayj	1	No specific role
bwarrick2	sql2java	0	Developer
bwarsaw	spambayes	1	Project Manager
bwarsaw	cvs-syncmail	1	No specific role
bwarsaw	mailman	1	Project Manager
bwarsaw	satools	1	Developer
bwarsaw	python	1	No specific role
bwarsaw	python-mode	1	No specific role
bwarsaw	jython	1	Distributor/Promoter
bwarsaw	mimelib	1	No specific role
bwarsaw	pybsddb	0	Developer
bwarsaw	ht2html	1	Developer
bwarsaw	optik	0	Developer
bwarsaw	zodb	1	Developer
bwarsaw	fvwmpy	1	Developer
bwart	bothans	0	Developer
bwasher	cvswebclient	0	No specific role
bwaters	erfurtwiki	0	Developer
bwaters	promanager	1	No specific role
bwatit	fruibile	0	Web Designer
bwayne	dex-os	0	Developer
bwbagelboy	quatschbox	1	No specific role
bwbarrett	maildb	0	Developer
bwbarrett	inilib	1	No specific role
bwbarrett	gnatlab	0	No specific role
bwchan	lportal	1	All-Hands Person
bwchan	easyconf	0	Developer
bwchan86	sfusurrey-tmb	0	Developer
bwcto	hyperbole	1	No specific role
bwcto	infodock	1	No specific role
bwcto	oo-browser	1	No specific role
bweaver	netcomics	0	Developer
bweaver	lifelines	0	No specific role
bwebpages	luis	1	No specific role
bwebpages	ebe	1	No specific role
bweirdan	blogbb	0	No specific role
bweirdan	cereal-web-kit	0	Developer
bweiss	stonesoup	0	No specific role
bwell	syslogdb	0	Developer
bwelling	dnsjava	1	Project Manager
bwelling	pio	0	Developer
bwerdmuller	elgg	1	Project Manager
bwerf	tttserver	1	No specific role
bwesley	sourcetapcrm	0	Developer
bwesley	ofbiz	0	No specific role
bwesley	dblectric	1	No specific role
bwesley	powerjax	1	No specific role
bwesley	powerconsole	1	No specific role
bwesley	powercore	1	No specific role
bwesley	ampedreports	1	No specific role
bwesley	infranetjava	1	No specific role
bwess	insert	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bwess	fwlogwatch	1	Project Manager
bwess	yafig	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
bwf	foundation	1	No specific role
bwfang1235	kirbyrpg	1	No specific role
bwhchan	sfusurrey-tmb	0	Developer
bwhitty	ergatis	0	Developer
bwhitty	bsml	0	Developer
bwhull	syrah	0	Developer
bwhull	tinyos	0	Developer
bwilber	inside3d	1	No specific role
bwilkers	perfmon2	0	Developer
bwillard	openchess	0	Graphic/Other Designer
bwilliam	dsacss	0	No specific role
bwinck	refdata	1	No specific role
bwinett	findclass	1	No specific role
bwinkler	conesys	0	Developer
bwinkler	xsltkit	0	No specific role
bwinton	pythonpalmdb	1	No specific role
bwinton	pyblosxom	0	Developer
bwinton	progect	0	Developer
bwinton	jext	1	Developer
bwinton	onboardc	0	Developer
bwirtz	misterhouse	0	No specific role
bwise837	miwm	1	No specific role
bwise837	fpwdman	1	No specific role
bwisti	pagetemplate	1	No specific role
bwisti	zazen	1	No specific role
bwisti	zenweb	0	Developer
bwit	carblog	1	No specific role
bwlang	rasmb	1	No specific role
bwm	jena	1	Developer
bwmott	stella	1	Project Manager
bwmulder	leo	0	Developer
bwoodwar	ubc	0	No specific role
bwp	spaceranger	0	Developer
bwp	exteb	1	No specific role
bwp	moontower	0	Developer
bwproductions	irclibcc	1	Project Manager
bwproductions	jsqlitemyadmin	1	Project Manager
bws88	tmf	1	No specific role
bws88	unmost	1	No specific role
bwschulz	jt400	0	No specific role
bwsource	mailzu	1	Developer
bwt	jtans	1	No specific role
bwt	gtans	1	No specific role
bwthorp	tmx-dr-api	1	Developer
bwthorp	datalinkusb	1	Developer
bwu123	orca-robotics	0	No specific role
bwulf	hamlib	0	Developer
bwulf	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
bww	bww-irc	1	Developer
bwwarden	vegastrike	0	Developer
bwylie	compbio	0	Developer
bxb	syncfavorites	1	Developer
bxc	net-whois-ripe	0	Developer
bxconrad	jfig	1	Project Manager
bxd	zulupad	0	No specific role
bxe444	spacetaxi	1	Tester
bxhighlander	superclasses	0	Developer
by-tor	estivate	0	Developer
by1mmm	openwiki-ng	0	Developer
byahne	iproman	1	No specific role
byakobow	savonet	0	Developer
byaku	allacrost	0	Developer
byaminov	unimod	0	Developer
byan	elj	0	Developer
byan	rainbow-eiffel	1	Project Manager
byanis	aspnetcontent	1	No specific role
bybinhabr	e107brasil	1	No specific role
bybydj	visualgaming	0	No specific role
bydawe	timemachine	1	No specific role
bydawe	javaphone	0	Developer
bye	jarajar	1	Project Manager
bye	drscenario	1	No specific role
bye	txtfl	1	Project Manager
bye	texttrix	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
byelne	anumeya	1	No specific role
byersa	palmtree	0	No specific role
byersa	ofbiz	0	Developer
byf	ult	1	No specific role
byff	norzcubed	1	Developer
byfron	linuv	0	Developer
byhisdeeds	jgrass	0	Developer
byhoe	othello	1	No specific role
byhoe	adaopengl	0	Developer
byj	dukefgt	1	No specific role
byjg	diffpen	1	No specific role
byjg	xmlnuke	1	All-Hands Person
byjg	sitesolution	1	All-Hands Person
bykov	sro2	0	Developer
byleal	scop	1	No specific role
bylos	gkg	1	Developer
bylsmad	igms	1	No specific role
bylsmad	scholarshipweb	1	No specific role
bynari	parseperl	0	Developer
byngl	pcgen	0	Developer
byoungs	blackberrytools	0	Developer
byoungvt	pykydo	1	No specific role
byo_spoon	codeblocks	0	Developer
bypet	wustenplanet	0	Developer
byraq	byraq	1	Developer
byrc	elowel	1	Unix Admin
byril	openknights	1	Developer
byril	thephoenix	1	Developer
byrnereese	majordojo	1	No specific role
byrnereese	soaplite	1	Project Manager
byrnereese	soapmime	1	No specific role
byrnereese	sixapart	1	No specific role
byrnereese	omail	0	Developer
byrnereese	sforce	0	Developer
byrnereese	mtamazon	1	Project Manager
byrnereese	dimetools	1	Developer
byroncoughlin	cmapp	0	Developer
byroncoughlin	openvetmed	0	Developer
byroncoughlin	aikernel	0	Developer
byronhicks	rpgwebprofiler	0	Developer
byroniac	worldofempires	1	Developer
byronius	jsmanager	1	No specific role
byronj	blackboxsystem	1	Project Manager
byronknoll	arlisy	1	No specific role
byronknoll	cryptomni	1	No specific role
byronlee	oaplite	1	Project Manager
byronmiller	epcms	1	No specific role
byronstar	lunareclipse	0	Project Manager
byronstar	byronstar-games	1	No specific role
byronstar	byronstar-sl	1	Developer
byrontodd	nslu	1	Doc Writer
byron_clark	neelix	0	No specific role
byron_clark	mdpview	1	No specific role
byrot	kde-czech	0	Developer
bystander333	vashbot	0	Developer
bystr	tsc-tpm	1	All-Hands Person
bystr	tsc-build	1	All-Hands Person
bystr	tsc-act	1	All-Hands Person
bystr	stemkit	1	All-Hands Person
bystry	openbsdpl	0	Developer
byt118	timesnake	0	Web Designer
byte	pitbull-lx	0	Developer
byte-	tlb	1	No specific role
byte-	falseirc	1	No specific role
byte-	mirc-mass	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
byte-	jnetmaze	1	All-Hands Person
byte83	eniac	1	No specific role
bytebeater	bluediving	1	No specific role
bytebeater	ip-packet	1	No specific role
bytebeater	p-a-t-h	1	No specific role
bytebeater	systemsearcher	1	No specific role
bytecodes	oak	0	No specific role
bytecodesbr	nonamebr	1	No specific role
bytecolor	vapt	1	No specific role
bytecolor	aptos	0	Developer
bytedog	secretbox	1	No specific role
byteemoz	blitzmax-ide	0	Developer
bytefiend	freethought	1	No specific role
bytegw	smecontribs	1	Developer
bytegw	smeserver	1	Developer
bytehoppers	ticenter	0	Developer
bytej	salestrace	1	No specific role
bytejuggler	jedicodeformat	0	Developer
bytekeeper	srcml	0	Developer
bytekeeper	yaircc	1	No specific role
bytekeeper	powerfolder-	0	Developer
bytekeeper	battlestars	1	No specific role
bytelord	caesarj	0	Developer
bytelord	lord	1	Project Manager
bytemare	linuxmpcr-fe	1	No specific role
bytemaster	tcltexed	1	Developer
bytemaster	weex	0	No specific role
bytemaster	tkalc	1	Project Manager
byteme23	electronicpimp	1	All-Hands Person
bytemonkey	dothmi	1	No specific role
bytenerd	cryptnet	0	Developer
bytenerd	gpproxy	0	Developer
bytenik	hybridsphere	1	Project Manager
bytenik	tasogare	0	Developer
bytenik	pocketpim	1	No specific role
bytenik	moo	0	No specific role
byters	pttux	1	Developer
bytes256	dlhttpd	1	Project Manager
byteshaman	catalogshaman	1	No specific role
bytesman	log2googleearth	1	No specific role
bytethunder	generic-wrkflow	0	Developer
byteware	kursk	1	No specific role
bytewurm	phpgwapps	0	No specific role
bytex64	ttr	1	No specific role
bytexu	smarteditor	1	No specific role
byte_overide	phpsitesolution	0	All-Hands Person
byubirdboy	elinux	0	Developer
byubirdboy	mosaik	1	No specific role
by_a_wall	mfcstudies	1	No specific role
by_rain	rss2fido	1	No specific role
by_setec	jspreschecker	1	No specific role
bz8	phicad	0	Developer
bzack	skyjump	0	Developer
bzanchet	gcomgpi-1	1	No specific role
bzarnett	ruby-waf	1	No specific role
bzbhoover	dynksys	0	Developer
bzc	bzc	1	No specific role
bzctoons	punit	1	No specific role
bzdank	zbotwars	1	No specific role
bzdanowski	rna-framework	0	Developer
bzdravko	enscpg	0	Developer
bzee	binclock	1	No specific role
bzee	aptsamever	1	No specific role
bzeigler	cupid	1	Developer
bzeiss	nslu	0	Developer
bzend	sharpunits	1	No specific role
bzengler	xmlad	1	Developer
bzerodi	cscript	1	No specific role
bzfed	bzflag	0	Developer
bzfed	bzfed	1	No specific role
bzflag	bzflag	0	No specific role
bzflag_coincoin	pybzlauncher	0	Developer
bzfrank	bzflag	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
bzgirl	bzflag	0	Developer
bzgirl	opencombat	1	Developer
bzgirl	libirc	0	Developer
bzhou	jywiki	1	Project Manager
bzhou	nslu	0	Developer
bzhu	aolserver	0	Developer
bzim	icehorsetools	0	Developer
bzimage_it	bashutil	1	No specific role
bzimmer	zxjdbc	1	No specific role
bzimmer	zxpy	1	Developer
bzimmer	jython	1	Developer
bzimmer	jnumerical	0	Developer
bzimmer	distribulator	0	Developer
bzimmer	satine	0	No specific role
bzinchenko	cellsheet	1	No specific role
bzizou	slis	1	Project Manager
bzk_project	php-batch	1	No specific role
bzl	netdebugd	1	No specific role
bzmeteorite	masterbot	1	No specific role
bzmeteorite	mapatorium	1	Project Manager
bznutz	pulpfile	1	No specific role
bzolchhofer	kbear	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
bzou	larch	1	No specific role
bzou	delta	1	No specific role
bzrudi	linpha	1	Developer
bzrudi	phpterm	1	No specific role
bzwebcorp	photoexchange	1	No specific role
bzwebcorp	humane	0	All-Hands Person
bzzzbip	gingermen	1	Developer
bzzzbip	gohan	0	Content Management
b_adele	lsfn	1	No specific role
b_adele	jesuislibre	1	Developer
b_adluck	xjange	0	Developer
b_alen	jxtarok	1	Developer
b_a_stegmaier	flens	0	No specific role
b_betts	revel	0	No specific role
b_boy_psycho	phpnapalm	0	Graphic/Other Designer
b_brenna	dotnetscrutil	1	No specific role
b_buedi	pt-framework	1	Developer
b_burak_sezer	lara	1	No specific role
b_calderwood	jaffa	0	Developer
b_djamel	marf	0	Developer
b_djamel	ciisesec	0	Developer
b_duke	sqs	1	No specific role
b_engelbrecht	qres	1	No specific role
b_e_rapp	todo-calendar	1	No specific role
b_g	openanswers	1	No specific role
b_g	distwww	1	No specific role
b_garcia	jaunt-rl	1	No specific role
b_hajdu	starfire	1	Developer
b_jomard	socbuilder	0	Developer
b_j_arnoldus	serialmonitor	1	All-Hands Person
b_j_arnoldus	osx-avrtools	1	Developer
b_j_arnoldus	osx-pl2303	1	Developer
b_keller	esra	1	Developer
b_kutzner	space-mmog	1	Developer
b_laverman	m3clipse	1	No specific role
b_lemke	jscsi	0	Developer
b_lindeijer	firstage	0	Developer
b_lindeijer	tiled	1	No specific role
b_lindeijer	themanaworld	1	Developer
b_lindeijer	moeng	1	No specific role
b_lindeijer	qb2c	1	No specific role
b_l_d_g	derbymatic	0	Developer
b_mallerd	firestormos	0	Developer
b_manashirov	linuxui	0	Developer
b_mathieu	ingeniweb	1	Project Manager
b_meier	ordweb	0	Developer
b_menne	geometa	1	Project Manager
b_osi	vcltesttoolglue	1	Developer
b_o_t_g	golden-cow	1	No specific role
b_praseed	xmltouml	0	Developer
b_r	textflashcard	1	Developer
b_reuderink	sokofinity	1	Developer
b_roeber	ucomt	0	Developer
b_rom_s	rc2000c	0	Developer
b_runa	gnome-albanian	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
b_r_krishna	linkbat	0	No specific role
b_schae	animl	1	Project Manager
b_schliessmann	spdrs60	0	Developer
b_schwab	advws	1	Developer
b_schwendele	zf-espresso	0	Developer
b_shade	b-shade	1	No specific role
b_sorg	gdl-apps	1	Developer
b_srivastava	tailforwindow	1	No specific role
b_stancescu	dmo	1	All-Hands Person
b_stancescu	wikipedia	0	No specific role
b_stancescu	outreach	1	All-Hands Person
b_steinbach	w3grimoire	1	No specific role
b_stevant	wide-dhcpv6	0	Developer
b_whitespirit	kipong	1	Developer
b_whitespirit	noaaman	0	Developer
b_wilson	nvperfgraph	1	No specific role
b_winkler	raidplaner	0	Web Designer
b_w_d	bzflagplus	1	No specific role
c-273	passwordsafe	0	Developer
c-a-v	linuxtipps	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
c-avare	holongate	1	Project Manager
c-cgames	crpgc	1	No specific role
c-dude	oorpg	1	Developer
c-d_hailfinger	ippersonality	1	Developer
c-d_hailfinger	forcedeth	1	No specific role
c-e-t_team	c-e-t	1	No specific role
c-irc	cpbot	1	No specific role
c-krause	phpmyvhosts	1	No specific role
c-labs	c-labs	1	No specific role
c-lang	icewing	0	Developer
c-miller	ta-lib	0	Developer
c-miller	fidal	0	Developer
c-miller	qp-lib	1	No specific role
c-note	c-note	1	No specific role
c-o-d-e-r	gmail-notify	1	No specific role
c-o-d-e-r	webquery	1	No specific role
c-o-d-e-r	mythgrowl	1	No specific role
c-o-o-t-e-r	uox3com	0	Developer
c-obvy	hailboards	0	Tester
c-pro	jwizard	1	No specific role
c-r-o	ccoptions	0	Developer
c-rain	spectra	1	No specific role
c-rain	php-swishe	1	No specific role
c-renard	omlng	1	No specific role
c-schleier	boardgameonline	0	No specific role
c-solar	mybeasties	0	All-Hands Person
c-solar	josephine	0	Developer
c-squared	axlotl	1	No specific role
c-striker	urbanassault	0	Developer
c-tec	powermovielist	0	Developer
c-tec	r2d2	1	No specific role
c-vaughan	my-pbs	1	Project Manager
c-vaughan	monitorx	1	No specific role
c-w-a	cwa	1	No specific role
c-worker	flatfiledb	1	Project Manager
c-yco	phpgtk-inlook	1	No specific role
c001dead	ycq	1	No specific role
c00ker	wipfw	1	All-Hands Person
c00ker	qtfw	0	Developer
c00ker	tdifw	1	Developer
c00ld00d	vands	1	No specific role
c00lian	nmapsoc	1	No specific role
c00lri0t	moaxtras	1	No specific role
c00ly	alambic	0	Developer
c00m	twentyonewebos	1	No specific role
c01d	ftplistchecker	0	Doc Writer
c01e	picprg	1	No specific role
c01e	phpsite	1	No specific role
c02ab	abnimm	0	No specific role
c04ch	the-whimp	1	Developer
c0702	jolupproject	1	No specific role
c09	multispoof	1	No specific role
c09	cryptoboot	1	No specific role
c0bra	aurorabbs	1	Project Manager
c0d1f1ed	softwire	1	Project Manager
c0d1f1ed	sw-shader	1	No specific role
c0d1f1ed	sw-library	1	No specific role
c0d34w4y	fulltextsearch	0	No specific role
c0d3cat	osom	0	Developer
c0d3g33k	opende	0	Web Designer
c0d3g33k	odedotnet	1	Developer
c0d3g33k	axiomengine	1	All-Hands Person
c0d3g33k	ceguisharp	1	Developer
c0d3g33k	taoframework	1	Project Manager
c0d3h4x0r	gens	1	Developer
c0dejuggler	gatekeeper	1	No specific role
c0demangler	intelliclipse	1	No specific role
c0demangler	jumptousage	1	No specific role
c0demangler	codon	1	No specific role
c0der00100001	tivoconnect	0	Developer
c0diq	xbmc	0	Developer
c0diq	platinum	1	No specific role
c0dz3r0	aspoof	1	No specific role
c0dz3r0	qmcs	1	No specific role
c0ffee	apanel	1	No specific role
c0ffee	silcpm	1	Developer
c0il	phpdebug	1	Project Manager
c0l18r1	decker	0	Developer
c0ldfusi0n	tikiwiki	0	Developer
c0ldfusi0n	cfblog	1	Developer
c0ma	gephex	1	Developer
c0nv3r9	warglue	1	Project Manager
c0ol	war-net	1	No specific role
c0rky	ownage-report	0	Developer
c0rtx	xpertmud	0	Developer
c0rtx	myrpg	0	Tester
c0s1nu5	rimbalinux	0	Developer
c0y0te	ddmodd	0	Web Designer
c10h13no	tvbb	1	No specific role
c13	dragonmagic	1	No specific role
c13	opencpubench	1	No specific role
c13	robydosbox	1	No specific role
c13	mordorres	1	No specific role
c14non	sconfig	1	No specific role
c16	maze3d-net	1	No specific role
c167	musiccenter	1	Developer
c167	feed-collector	1	Project Manager
c167	jboincmanager	1	No specific role
c1706ho	nxtcommand	0	No specific role
c1hg	csuite	1	No specific role
c1oudedeyes	wcpublishing	1	No specific role
c1pher	nnis	1	No specific role
c23omega	speedsim	0	Developer
c2c	db-files	1	No specific role
c2c	php-python	1	No specific role
c2sivili	pelegrine	0	Developer
c2sivili	personalblog	0	Developer
c2woody	dosbox	0	Developer
c3a	postak	1	No specific role
c3d	coriolis3d	1	No specific role
c3fishbone	kesasar	1	No specific role
c3k	lportal	0	Developer
c3lph1sh	warsurfer	1	Developer
c3ntur10n	sotn	1	Developer
c42f	aqsis	0	Developer
c43lum	tralegator	0	Developer
c45207	drjava	0	Developer
c47457r0ph3	smoothiemods	0	Developer
c4a0s	dynsched	0	Developer
c4ac-rubin	c4ac	0	All-Hands Person
c4actbe	mwa	0	No specific role
c4chris	nfswatch	1	All-Hands Person
c4chris	boxshade	1	All-Hands Person
c4chris	sibsim4	1	All-Hands Person
c4chris	tagger	1	Developer
c4chris	estscan	1	All-Hands Person
c4chris	tromer	1	All-Hands Person
c4chris	tmpred	1	All-Hands Person
c4ctus	ofset	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
c4llidus	pieb4se	1	Developer
c4p	bioeval	1	Developer
c4sper	malefactor	1	No specific role
c4sper	c4sperplayer	1	No specific role
c4wochom	rump	1	Web Designer
c5scma	divagis	0	No specific role
c5sire	divagis	1	Project Manager
c5sire	rossi	1	No specific role
c5sire	agricolae	1	Developer
c5sire	intimap	1	No specific role
c5sire	cipfoss	1	No specific role
c5sire	ciptcl	1	No specific role
c5sire	cippex	1	No specific role
c5sire	cipvir	1	No specific role
c5sire	hpcstructure	1	No specific role
c5sire	kipumaker	1	Developer
c64	photoservlet	0	Developer
c67w	feudal	0	Graphic/Other Designer
c6h12o6	jugpadova	0	Developer
c6h5no2	abacuses	1	No specific role
c6_katana	seow	0	Developer
c71960	rlplot	1	No specific role
c835722	c835722	1	No specific role
c856450	materm	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
c89c	mathwiz	1	No specific role
c89c	capsule	0	Developer
c89c	chesslan	0	Developer
c89c	alpha-office	1	No specific role
c89c	justoffice	0	Developer
c8e	theeye	1	DBA (Database Administrator)
c8e	phpwork	1	No specific role
c9314310	sipos	1	No specific role
c95men	smsj	1	Developer
c95men	renameit	1	No specific role
c95men	zmms	1	No specific role
c95men	id3remover	1	No specific role
c99and	waimea	0	Developer
c99drn	waimea	1	Project Manager
c99koder	cadcdev	0	All-Hands Person
c99pnn	waimea	0	Developer
c9a802485e901f9	ucrp	1	No specific role
ca5ey	phpbbfetchall	1	No specific role
ca9mbu	lfs	1	Web Designer
caan	perllib	1	No specific role
caan	fractalview	0	Developer
caaoxfam	empris	1	Developer
caasper	txtapplet	0	Tester
cab322	logic-a	1	No specific role
cab7indy	tempora	0	Developer
cab938	imsevimse	0	Developer
cababunga	nmstl2	1	Developer
cabadam	x-organizer	1	No specific role
cabaj	congaconfig	1	Developer
cabal1	abscnc	0	No specific role
cabal2000	phptrafmon	1	Project Manager
caban	telearvid	0	Developer
cabanis	unific	1	No specific role
cabaweb	cabaweb	1	Project Manager
cabbagehands	gismsn	0	Developer
cabbey	jikes	1	Project Manager
cabbie	rwhois	1	Developer
cabby	fahrtenbuch	1	No specific role
cabeca	firestormos	0	Developer
cabecha	ucip	0	Developer
cabenzel	botblizzard	0	No specific role
cabeza_loca	crosscalculator	1	Project Manager
cabhan	lineak	0	Developer
cabide	autenticaadsl	1	No specific role
cabin	javadc	0	Developer
cable_guy6	textwrite	1	No specific role
cable_guy_67	tbmp2bmp-tofro	1	No specific role
cabling	headliner	0	No specific role
cablito	meridianus	1	No specific role
cablito	periodictables	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
caboom	steamer	1	Developer
caboom	es-innd	0	Developer
caboose	flexstor	0	Developer
caboose	oacbpmf	1	Developer
cabralje	oxci	1	Project Manager
cabrilo	xkbmapgui	1	No specific role
cabrubak	exuserfolder	0	Developer
cabukrm	ngstatistics	1	No specific role
cabukrm	ngstatistics1	1	No specific role
cabyrc	argus	1	Developer
cabyrc	radiusmailer	0	Developer
cabyrc	radiusftn	1	Developer
cab_codespring	bugtracks	1	No specific role
cacahootie	slibby	1	No specific role
caccioly	sway	0	Developer
cacecorp	a6driver	1	Project Manager
cacella	risklib	1	No specific role
cacheson	aeiou	1	No specific role
cachimaster	picix	1	No specific role
cachimaster	publicidadj	1	No specific role
cachimaster	smartmap	1	No specific role
cachou999	shorti	1	Project Manager
cachri81	qedo	0	Developer
cachri81	tmedit	1	No specific role
cacms	creativecms	1	No specific role
caco3	bysu	1	No specific role
cacobraz	paneltex	1	No specific role
cacobraz	phpmycron	1	No specific role
cacornell	jobmgr	1	No specific role
cacornell	sim-control	1	No specific role
cacornell	sds-file	1	No specific role
caco_p2p	caco-p2p	1	No specific role
caco_patane	gnucuit	1	No specific role
caco_patane	openmine	1	Graphic/Other Designer
cacruz	esmf	0	Developer
cacruz	esmfcontrib	0	Developer
cacthos	bugzilla-br	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cactus	gtkmm	0	No specific role
cactus	guikachu	1	No specific role
cactus	mage	1	No specific role
cactushack76	armi	0	No specific role
cactushack76	autoupdater	0	Developer
cactusjackatu	ichef	1	No specific role
cactus_jiropa	reportgui	1	No specific role
cac_cguo	javasip	0	Developer
cac_cguo	javasm	0	Developer
cac_cguo	buildtemplate	0	Developer
cac_qjiang	javasip	0	No specific role
cad-programmer	leo	0	Developer
cadaeth	zmp	0	No specific role
cadar	fugu	0	Tester
cadblur	livingathome	0	Web Designer
cadblur	agent-sg	1	Project Manager
cadbrowser	cadbrowser	1	No specific role
cadderly	asomshkpk	0	Developer
caddy	tinyman	1	Project Manager
caddy2	atlantisgame	1	No specific role
caddy2	yawr	1	No specific role
caddydc	diskdom	1	No specific role
cadelberger	evesim	0	Developer
cadelje	awebctcclient	0	Web Designer
cadellin	btonline-btech	0	Developer
cadement	corehydra	1	No specific role
cadement	swgprof	1	Project Manager
cademuir	iegridconv	1	No specific role
cademuir	novasearch	1	No specific role
cadenza	phptm	0	Developer
cadetumfer	openlancer	0	Developer
cadgisbridge	pgarc	0	Developer
cadiletta	requital	1	Tester
cadis00	docbase	1	Project Manager
cadizhou	querycommander	0	Developer
cadmaniac	xavrtools	1	No specific role
cadmaniac	kontrollerlab	1	No specific role
cadoc	matched	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
cadour	plixit	0	Developer
cadr	quickdc	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
cadre79	ccubed	0	Distributor/Promoter
cadrell0	projmgt-net	0	Developer
cadrian	ese	1	All-Hands Person
cadrian	smerge	1	All-Hands Person
cadu-goncalves	clean-ajax	1	No specific role
cadu-goncalves	jsdoclet	1	No specific role
cadu-goncalves	mimic-xmlrpc	1	Project Manager
caecilia	otallyman	0	No specific role
caecus	jnc	0	Developer
caedescontego	edoom	0	Developer
caedesv	crystal	0	Developer
caedesv	crystaldoc	0	Developer
caedesv	cel	0	Developer
caedesv	pure-data	0	Developer
caedesv	pycsel	0	Developer
caedesv	automanic	0	No specific role
caedesv	iaeditor	0	Developer
cael	gstreamer	0	Developer
cael	gnome-ihop	1	No specific role
caelestis	vitalstate	0	Graphic/Other Designer
caelum	tjava	1	No specific role
caelum	libwin32-exp	1	No specific role
caelum	webmu	1	No specific role
caelyx	tyriel	1	Project Manager
caerwyn	rtciv	1	No specific role
caerwynj	acme-sac	1	Developer
caesa82	multitalk	1	Developer
caesar2k	h3o	0	Graphic/Other Designer
caeshmer	crouton	1	No specific role
caetanominuzzo	pneuron	1	No specific role
caetanosauer	nugget	1	No specific role
caetano_neto	doispi	1	No specific role
caezar	mypage	0	Developer
caezonne	stoplicht	1	Project Manager
cafechess	cafechess	1	No specific role
cafeman	cobel	1	Project Manager
cafeman	bjava	1	Project Manager
cafeman	da2gallery	1	Developer
cafer	gaplan	0	Developer
cafervero	bulmages	0	Developer
caffeinesl	cicqc	1	Project Manager
caffiend666	gpcalendar	1	No specific role
caffineehacker	gtactoe	1	No specific role
caffodian	csjava	0	Developer
caffrey	megasquirtavr	1	Developer
caffs	lrecog	0	Developer
cafino	dragonkart	1	Developer
caflick	tktoolkit	0	No specific role
cafxx	trng	1	No specific role
cafxx	lightstorm	1	No specific role
cafxx	wavi	1	No specific role
cafxx	sureview	1	No specific role
cafxx	simplify	1	No specific role
cafxx	rca	1	No specific role
cafxx	radialresize	1	No specific role
cag-live	dnfbb	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cag570	mupet	1	Unix Admin
cagamucazzu	gervasproject	0	Developer
cagan327	emirca	1	No specific role
cagatay	printquota	1	Project Manager
cagataycebi	pingsweeper	1	No specific role
cagataycebi	saffire	1	Project Manager
cagatay_civici	facestrace	1	No specific role
cagatay_civici	jsfchart	1	No specific role
cagatay_civici	jsf-comp	0	Developer
cagdasbasaraner	tvcom	0	No specific role
cagedrat	nodewarriors	1	Project Manager
caged_penguin	jade-law	1	No specific role
cagejohn	eclipsegraphs	1	No specific role
caghan	caghanscot	1	No specific role
cagkan	sesamesim	1	No specific role
cagle	cagle	1	No specific role
cagliari	racemanager	0	Developer
cagoni	javarpgeditor	1	No specific role
cagret	mygosuclan	1	No specific role
cagt_uga	integrated-map	1	No specific role
caguirre_33	e-factura	1	No specific role
cah4e3	demul	0	Developer
cah4e3	fceumm	1	Developer
cah4e3	fceultra	0	No specific role
cahal	tahoe	0	Developer
cahata	phoenix-ircd	1	No specific role
cahebebe	quicktranslate	1	Developer
cahemara	templario	0	Doc Writer
caheo	linuxd-link	1	No specific role
caheydon	vesta	0	Developer
cahighlander	mpeg4ip	1	All-Hands Person
cahill	otas	0	Developer
cahille	opencatalog	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
cahille	sqlfairy	0	Developer
cahille	fallback	1	No specific role
cahirek	pas-interpreter	1	No specific role
cahirwpz	linux-apus	0	Developer
cahon	eodev	0	Developer
cahylles	exposed	0	No specific role
caidong	fxlogix	1	No specific role
caike2006	balto	0	Developer
cail	adminspy	0	No specific role
cailb	wonder	0	No specific role
cailenb1	cppmonitor	0	Developer
caillette	moviekebab	1	No specific role
caillette	tweed	1	No specific role
caillette	wasa	1	Project Manager
caillette	shaman	1	Unix Admin
caimandrea	unipdleague	1	Project Manager
caimbeul	nwnclass	1	No specific role
caimbeul	d20chargen	1	No specific role
caimbeul	bbalc	0	Developer
caimone	openvidia	0	Developer
caimouse	chinafileshare	1	No specific role
caino	maces	1	Project Manager
caino	libcards	1	Project Manager
caino	atlantide	1	No specific role
caino	amberle	1	Project Manager
cain_templar	breezy	1	Project Manager
cain_templar	frails	1	Project Manager
caio1982	translate	0	Developer
caiobr	recombo	1	Developer
caiofabricio	jexecsql	1	All-Hands Person
caiofilipini	blogue	1	Project Manager
caiofilipini	sweetreader	0	Developer
caiomonteiro	outgun	0	Editorial/Content Writer
caiomoritz	oopfm	1	No specific role
caiovlp	nevermoremp3	1	No specific role
caipeng	msdemanager	1	No specific role
caipirginka	jump-pilot	0	No specific role
caiqian	hanzi	1	No specific role
caiqian	wqy	0	Project Manager
caique	uml4j	0	Requirements Engineering
cairon	aoh	1	No specific role
cairon	eounicorn	0	Developer
cairon	supaplexclone	0	No specific role
cairon	crime	1	No specific role
caist	yut	0	Developer
cait	venice	0	Doc Writer
cait-floor68	kweh	1	No specific role
caitiff	netlands	0	Content Management
caitlinbestler	rdma	0	Developer
caitriana	optorsim	1	No specific role
caiusgrr	geovision	1	Developer
caiyanming	mobilecli	1	No specific role
caiyu	myrequirement	1	No specific role
caiyu	gnudict	1	No specific role
caiyu	astyleclipse	1	No specific role
caiyu	webdict	1	No specific role
caiyu	tinyprinter	1	No specific role
caiyuanmou	smart-asst	1	Project Manager
caiyuqing2006	another-project	1	Project Manager
caj	thespg	0	Editorial/Content Writer
caj	clear-box	0	Editorial/Content Writer
cajaeger	stockkings	1	No specific role
cajardim	squirreloutlook	1	Project Manager
cajmilfo	surrealdev	0	No specific role
cajun	cajun	1	Developer
cajun	dv2jpg	1	No specific role
cajunluke	tigcc-linux	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
cajunman4life	omahshare	1	No specific role
cajuntechie	phoenixemr	1	No specific role
cajuntechie	pias	1	No specific role
cajun_toast	gridgen	1	No specific role
cajun_toast	marahammer	1	No specific role
cajus	lpp-themes	1	No specific role
cakalapa	requin	0	Developer
cakemonster	bulmershe	1	No specific role
cakette	podznsnatch	0	Developer
cakette	mdarad-toolbox	0	Developer
cakette	reflective-ui	1	No specific role
cakette	seqncr	1	No specific role
cakette	dataisland	0	No specific role
cakinli	dsacss	0	Developer
cakira	tomodachi	1	All-Hands Person
cakoose	jrep	1	No specific role
cakridge	intention-recog	1	No specific role
caksan	caksan	1	No specific role
caktusaurus	hsalbhed	1	No specific role
cakuzo	inlook	1	No specific role
cal	bookman	1	No specific role
cal	pists	1	Developer
cal	unifoil	1	No specific role
cal5k	freedo	0	Developer
cal666	checkping	1	No specific role
calabarmonkey	s-torm	0	No specific role
caladbolg	middlegen	0	Developer
caladd	gnome-blosxom	1	Project Manager
caladd	gnome-password	1	No specific role
calador	sinstradmud	1	Project Manager
calamity	air	0	Content Management
calandoa	utrac	1	No specific role
calarcon	gamescrafters	0	Developer
calarndt	tuxtype	1	All-Hands Person
calash	fcomm	1	Developer
calaz	toulip	1	Project Manager
calaz	oohalog	1	Project Manager
calberty	prontowiki	1	No specific role
calblackstar	gradebooks	0	Web Designer
calc	homeconnectusb	0	Developer
calca	mum	1	No specific role
calcain	ruinworld	1	Project Manager
calcgames	calcgames	1	Project Manager
calchan	warzone2100	1	Project Manager
calcheah	phpfusecms	1	No specific role
calcheah	elearnspeclib	1	No specific role
calcon	universecnquest	0	Web Designer
calcop	luxsql	1	Developer
calculus0165	ensite	1	No specific role
calcwatch	intimateobj	1	Developer
cald	viss	1	Developer
caldaean	jnetedit	1	Developer
caldazar	calpal	0	Developer
caldes	expert-system	0	All-Hands Person
caldosh	mvblog	0	Developer
caldroun	acrophobia	1	Developer
cale	zbm	0	No specific role
cale10000	webunlimited	0	No specific role
calebcase	xpml	1	No specific role
calebdoc	rainengine	1	Developer
calebdoise	sharpscraps	1	No specific role
calebhaye	actionscript	1	Developer
calebhaye	caleb	1	No specific role
calebhaye	borderless	1	No specific role
calebhaye	mediaplayer	1	Developer
calebhaye	xmltree	1	No specific role
calebhaye	sisterz	1	No specific role
calebhaye	jahterms	1	No specific role
calebmadrigal	gmailftp	1	No specific role
calebrw	weboperatingsys	0	Distributor/Promoter
calebrw	devoybb	1	Developer
caleb_gilmour	gaim-python	1	No specific role
caledor	ultra	0	No specific role
caledor8	bountyxp	1	Developer
caledorn	eve-corp-portal	1	Project Manager
calefaction	dnpb	1	Developer
calefato	ibis	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
calehman	ani	0	Developer
calehman	aniscript	0	Developer
caleishm	perl-cache	0	Developer
calendarw	global-defence	0	Developer
calenlas	ksudoku	0	Developer
calennert	lennertmods	1	No specific role
calentharin	tamescheme	0	Developer
caleridas	mimasim	0	Developer
calestyo	perfmon-ia32	1	No specific role
caletti	ssah	1	No specific role
caletti	agenda-livre	1	Developer
calevans	glis	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
calevans	caf	1	No specific role
calevans	phpbankshot	1	No specific role
calexo	phpautogal	1	No specific role
calexo	phpgedel	1	No specific role
calexo	phpdbtrans	1	No specific role
calexo	phptablos	1	No specific role
calexo	wepchat2	1	Project Manager
calexo	xmldb4php	1	No specific role
calexr	aphpa	1	No specific role
calexr	openldap-ha	0	No specific role
calexr	vanessa	0	Developer
calexr	flexpop	1	Developer
calexr	flexguard	1	Developer
caleyjag	cm4superpackv2	1	All-Hands Person
calfonso	parkinggarage	1	Project Manager
calibal	ptirhiikmods	1	No specific role
caliban	botsnscouts	0	No specific role
calibron00	dbcgi	1	No specific role
calicant	bacco	1	Developer
calicant	splatz	1	Developer
caliente	mev-tm4	1	Developer
californiakidd	mywm	1	No specific role
californiakidd	atomatrix	1	No specific role
californiakidd	colinux	0	No specific role
caliga82	inkscape	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
caligano	pdphoto	1	No specific role
caligari77	coverviewer	1	No specific role
caligari77	lyrc	0	No specific role
caligari77	tuxfighter	1	No specific role
caligor	mmapper	1	Developer
caliherault	jfigure	1	No specific role
calimero	jpokerbuddy	1	No specific role
calimero	jpokerclock	1	No specific role
calimeross	lucid	0	No specific role
calimlim	himalaya-tools	1	Project Manager
calimocho	osauction	1	No specific role
calinb2k5	freesounds	1	Project Manager
calinbrezeanu	pichenottes	1	Developer
calini	krabber3	0	Web Designer
calinied	cimagetool	1	No specific role
calinovich	pbx	1	No specific role
calin_fastfire	driveplugger	1	No specific role
calin_fastfire	hardhat	1	No specific role
calioptrix	palmtopen	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
calios	wasteland	0	Developer
calipsio	cms-firebox	1	No specific role
caliston	dci4driver	1	No specific role
calistx	dreamphp	1	No specific role
calistx	gamephp	1	Project Manager
calistx	lightwie	1	No specific role
calisun	sme-server-plus	1	No specific role
calitz_psg	oss-assessment	1	No specific role
calixtoj	calixto	1	No specific role
calka	traf	1	No specific role
calkie_f	gcukblocks	1	No specific role
calkie_f	gamingdice	1	No specific role
call	fesa	1	No specific role
callaa	drawpile	1	Developer
callaa	luolatactics	1	Developer
callahanpa	lintao	1	Project Manager
callajd	msbuildex	1	No specific role
callandor1983	rubyeclipse	0	Developer
callan_	ome	0	Developer
callatis	ipolyglot	1	Developer
callawey	xoops	0	Developer
callcc	chmsn	1	No specific role
callea_andrea	eloquent	0	No specific role
calledshot15	mogcm	0	Analysis / Design
callejonlf	abmmanager-net	1	No specific role
callenish	icd	1	Project Manager
callenish	rrfiller	1	Project Manager
calle_cool	vssf	1	Project Manager
callfilter	callfilter	1	No specific role
callieri	vcg	0	No specific role
callieri	meshlab	0	Developer
calligrapha	jymessenger	1	No specific role
callik	namenlos	0	Editorial/Content Writer
callintegrator	callintegrator	1	No specific role
calliope1	calliope	0	No specific role
calliope2	calliope	0	No specific role
calliope3	calliope	0	No specific role
callison-burch	mosesdecoder	1	No specific role
callisto1000	ms4j	0	Developer
callmedude	av8	1	Project Manager
callmeike	net3d	1	No specific role
callmenixgeek	archivexindex	0	Project Manager
callmeott	almsuite	1	Project Manager
callmeott	libthai	0	All-Hands Person
callmeott	thaispeech	1	No specific role
callmeott	thaidict	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
callmeott	oggonachip	1	No specific role
callmewind	obeliskcc	1	Project Manager
calloravion	diplovariance	1	Project Manager
callsathish5	pmasoftware	1	No specific role
callshyam	pals	0	No specific role
calltl	gumtree	1	All-Hands Person
calltoconstruct	xajax	0	Developer
calmera	damit	1	Project Manager
calmera	sql2java	1	Developer
calmimilolcatl	metasync	1	No specific role
calmodovar	gsm-link	1	Project Manager
calmofthestorm	roc	0	Developer
calmonkey	gannpro	1	No specific role
calmosoft	calmosoft	1	No specific role
calo	chordcast	1	Developer
caloccia	maxwell	1	No specific role
calocen	zaralinux	0	Developer
calocybe	xren	1	All-Hands Person
calocybe	devedit	1	No specific role
calpaugh	oma-scts	1	Project Manager
calpefrosch	rockbox	0	Developer
calpefrosch	docdest	1	No specific role
calpefrosch	gnulcn	1	No specific role
calrathan	paintball2	1	Developer
calrathan	roc	1	Developer
calroc99	python-xlib	1	No specific role
calsa	ctrace	1	No specific role
calston	pge	1	No specific role
calumfodder	grinder	0	Developer
caluml	udpp2p	1	No specific role
calumr	doomlegacy	0	Developer
calumr	macglquake	0	Developer
calvados	xptable	0	Developer
calvera	suncult	1	Developer
calvin	webcleaner	1	Project Manager
calvin	fxpy	0	Developer
calvin	linkchecker	1	Project Manager
calvin	pam-mount	0	Developer
calvin-gr	netlog	1	No specific role
calvin-gr	grivoc	1	No specific role
calvin-gr	q4g	1	Developer
calvin-tw	twmbs	1	Developer
calvin8	nmm	0	Developer
calving	personallog	1	Developer
calvinlue	acip	0	Developer
calvinm	slri	1	No specific role
calvinm	dbwiz	1	No specific role
calvinnhobbes	guildtool	1	No specific role
calvinorange	pabxmon	1	No specific role
calvinparker	archetypes	0	Tester
calvinpriest	local-exchange	1	No specific role
calvinrsmith	crsemail	1	No specific role
calvinrsmith	mdbtools	0	Developer
calvinsf	myguide	1	Developer
calvinstreeting	ssfiledll	1	Developer
calvinv	gridchat	1	Developer
calvinw	filmgimp	0	Developer
calvinxiu	springside	1	Developer
calvin_baank	pgmfi	1	Developer
calvin_baank	cromesc	1	No specific role
calzada	cazapool3d	1	No specific role
calzonzin	q3engine	1	No specific role
calzplace	pam-imap	1	No specific role
calzplace	pimpftp	1	No specific role
cam123	post-it	0	No specific role
camalot	gnetella	1	No specific role
camarajm	pypi	0	Developer
camarajm	python	0	No specific role
camargo_alc	azdbcopy	1	No specific role
camarojack	theword	1	No specific role
camason	blogpics	1	No specific role
camateg	civicscape	1	No specific role
camateg	sbtmacosx	1	All-Hands Person
camazorro	theraphyman	1	No specific role
camba20	zimbra-xtras	0	Developer
cambell	arkwaf	1	No specific role
camberw3ll	sc-trans-fe	1	No specific role
cambiar	cambiar	1	No specific role
cambo	scorched3d	1	Developer
cambridge	shex	1	No specific role
cambridge	prose	1	No specific role
cambroise	bibliophile	0	Developer
camcorder	gnome-turk	1	All-Hands Person
camcorder	turkcell-sms	1	No specific role
camd	camd	1	No specific role
camden	cfmssqladmin	1	Project Manager
camden	cf2php	1	No specific role
camden	phpgwtimetrack	1	No specific role
camel-media-lib	camel-media-lib	1	No specific role
cameleon	splork	1	No specific role
cameleon911	nextgenaom	1	No specific role
camelotsharped	camelotsharp	1	Project Manager
camelung	shadownet	0	Developer
camel_grease	poctb	1	No specific role
camenal	p2photolog	0	No specific role
camenard	cardwin	1	Project Manager
cameni	coid	1	All-Hands Person
camennie	nethack-palm	1	No specific role
camera4	falaf	0	Developer
cameraassistant	cameraassistant	1	No specific role
camerata	choralmusiclib	1	No specific role
cameron234	php-autobill	1	No specific role
cameronbprince	rideware	1	No specific role
cameronbraid	qooxdoo	0	Developer
cameronbraid	freemarker	0	Developer
cameronbraid	opensymphony	0	Developer
cameronbraid	wicket-stuff	0	All-Hands Person
cameroncb	texniccenter	0	Developer
cameroncox	bespoke	0	Developer
cameroneagans	duke-clone	1	No specific role
cameronjr	bodyofmethods	0	Developer
cameronl	r007r	1	No specific role
cameronrich	axtls	1	Project Manager
camerons	active	1	No specific role
camerons	generguide	1	No specific role
camerons	geotools	0	Developer
camerons	geoapi	0	Developer
camerons	fltopt	1	Unix Admin
camerons	freefs	0	No specific role
camerons	quickwms	1	Developer
camerons	mapbuilder	1	Project Manager
camerontaylor79	nmmlkillerwhale	1	No specific role
cameroon	macjlib	1	No specific role
cameroon	jabbernaut	0	No specific role
camerun	winzoom	1	No specific role
camflex	cpuptodate	1	No specific role
camfou	easymdd	1	No specific role
camhart	musicman	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
camico	coverviewer	0	Developer
camiel2	sqlfileexec	1	No specific role
camigonz	databaseone	1	No specific role
camil7	formulator	0	Developer
camiladm	apdata	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
camilaf	jeki	0	Doc Writer
camilayokoigawa	perola	0	No specific role
camilgomez	eidors3d	0	Developer
camillac	logilogi	0	Developer
camille	borges-dms	1	Project Manager
camillodellmour	nethack-multip	1	No specific role
camillosss	malik	1	Developer
camilo-lopez	codfig	1	Support Manager
camiloacm	bifrostproj	0	Developer
camilocr	intml	0	Developer
camilo_velozo	beyondmtgo	1	Project Manager
caminoix	terraineer	1	No specific role
caminoix	lokomotives	1	No specific role
camisa	faac	0	Developer
camisardinha	spamvice	1	No specific role
camisardinha	policyd	1	No specific role
camitore	azucarcms	0	Developer
camj	workflowrh	1	No specific role
camjelemon	muserv	1	No specific role
camk	merlot	1	All-Hands Person
camk	timetrack	0	Developer
camka	myprofi	1	No specific role
camlost	deathtoll	0	Content Management
cammie	minorthird	1	Developer
cammo	oreproject	0	Developer
camoa	drs	1	Developer
camomilk	universecnquest	0	Developer
camongrel	winwar	1	No specific role
camorim	apdata	0	Analysis / Design
campa	hdi	0	All-Hands Person
campa	cglinux	0	Developer
campanini	platypuswiki	1	Project Manager
campanini	gentlewebsite	1	No specific role
campanoni	xanlib	1	No specific role
campanu	md5tdi	0	Developer
campanu2	md5tdi	0	Developer
campbeld2	thumbmate	1	No specific role
campbellbarton	jonoedit	1	No specific role
campbelld	protomol	0	Developer
campbellrt	ipcop	0	No specific role
campbell_donald	pcmodules	1	No specific role
campbels	fwplat	1	No specific role
campbieil	hotspot-connect	0	Distributor/Promoter
campd	anjuta	0	Developer
campedel	svats	1	No specific role
campgg	parsse	1	No specific role
campling	mp-plugins	0	Developer
camplo	navimages	1	Project Manager
camposj	objectbase	1	Project Manager
campoy83	mublog	1	No specific role
campus	controlit	1	No specific role
campustec	academic-board	1	No specific role
campware	cream-crm	1	No specific role
campware	campsite	1	No specific role
campware	campcaster	1	No specific role
campware	dream-circ	1	No specific role
camrdale	subtorrent	1	Developer
camresu	gnu-darwin	0	No specific role
camrn86	dynetica	1	Developer
camross	pando	1	Project Manager
camsoft	c1m4l4o14	1	No specific role
camster	citeulike	1	No specific role
camueller	lportal	0	Developer
camus546	drjava	1	Developer
camusatan	netservos	1	Project Manager
cam_cairns	context-tree	1	No specific role
can-nibal	trouble-maker	0	No specific role
can0beans	phprsvp	1	No specific role
cana	duqu	1	No specific role
canabinol	soccer-manager	0	Developer
canad1an	mybloggie	1	No specific role
canada123	ugf-rpg	1	Web Designer
canadacow	dosbox	0	Developer
canadacow	munt	0	No specific role
canadaduane	tadpoles	1	No specific role
canadaduane	genesis2d	1	Developer
canadayb	fsml	0	Developer
canadayb	envision3	0	No specific role
canadiantom	freeloaderlinux	1	No specific role
canajun2eh	phpgedview	0	Developer
canals	motu	1	Project Manager
cananian	cserv	0	Developer
cananian	antichess-net	1	Developer
canaras	vxl	0	No specific role
canardboiteux	grandjeu	1	No specific role
canarias	multi-desktop	1	No specific role
canavar	canavar	1	Unix Admin
canawar	mgnutella	1	Project Manager
canawar	tqs	1	Developer
canb	projectpi	0	Developer
canbula	phpgenesis	1	No specific role
canburak	fmhaberci	1	No specific role
canburak	quotesdb	1	No specific role
cancel	qdxbook	1	No specific role
cancerbero_sgx	sgxplot	1	No specific role
cancerbero_sgx	sinonimos	1	No specific role
cancerbero_sgx	fts2db	1	No specific role
cancered	centum	0	Web Designer
cancerx86	egecms	0	Graphic/Other Designer
candastumer	cfw-shout	1	Developer
candb_dev_lead	candb-dev	1	Project Manager
candb_dev_lead	basics	1	Project Manager
candb_dev_lead	ibug	1	Developer
candelmo	tingui	1	Project Manager
candera	hex	1	All-Hands Person
candera	fwcontrib	1	All-Hands Person
candera	flexwiki	1	No specific role
candera	explosionman	1	Developer
candera	dasblog2dottext	1	No specific role
candera	wangdera	1	All-Hands Person
candersen	commsy	0	Developer
candey	xsonify	1	Developer
candidoriesgo	weso	0	Developer
candorca	wikindx	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
candrist	irlp-repeater	1	Project Manager
candu_sf	xmltv	0	Developer
candy91	myprograming	0	Web Designer
candyb0y	neighbor	0	Developer
candycrisis	michaels-land	1	No specific role
candycrisis	candy-crisis	1	No specific role
candyyiu	qin	1	No specific role
candyyiu	quadrille	1	Developer
candyz	pukiwiki-tw	1	No specific role
candyz	pcmanx	1	Project Manager
candy_man	decker	0	Developer
cane3nable	cephalopod	1	No specific role
caneblu	b2bsuite	1	No specific role
canelaman	diameter	0	Developer
canerbaydemir	scoopy	1	No specific role
canerow	thumbnailer	1	No specific role
canerow	empscheduler	1	Project Manager
canerow	sort	1	No specific role
canfw	modulecreator	1	No specific role
cangeceiro	weather-mrtg	1	No specific role
cangel0	cangelo	1	No specific role
cangerer	nounit	0	No specific role
canglan	xinod	1	No specific role
canglan	xinodplaza	1	No specific role
canglan	xinodwho	1	No specific role
cangrejox	plane-goofiness	0	No specific role
canh	vietdev	1	Project Manager
canimus	lrspy	1	No specific role
canimus	brightconsult	1	Developer
canina_pt	bowlfish	1	Developer
caninostudios	supertirititran	1	No specific role
canis65536	uglycode	0	Developer
canislupus	libcctest	1	No specific role
canislupus	workout-journal	1	No specific role
caniszczyk	caniszczyk	1	No specific role
caniszczyk	clipsit	0	No specific role
caniszczyk	mips-in-eclipse	0	Tester
caniszczyk	merlingenerator	0	Developer
caniszczyk	eclipse-nreader	0	Developer
caniszczyk	eclipse-incub	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
cankarm	ikar	0	Developer
cankr	chatlack	0	Developer
canmore	laocoon	1	Developer
canmore	ethnose	1	Developer
cannadesign	moo-irc-room	1	No specific role
cannadesign	dutch-moo	1	No specific role
cannam	dssi	1	No specific role
cannam	sv1	1	Developer
cannam	qsynth	0	Developer
cannam	rosegarden	1	Project Manager
cannam	wm2	1	No specific role
cannam	vamp	1	No specific role
canne	setimanager	1	No specific role
canne	jpassmate	1	No specific role
canned	softsqueeze	0	No specific role
cannibal	avge	1	No specific role
cannibal	tuxpop	1	Project Manager
cannonball	sendmail-wiki	1	No specific role
cannonfodder	dvdlibrary	1	No specific role
cannuck1964	oscmall	1	No specific role
canny_bungler	knight	1	Developer
canoeberry	tivohme	1	Developer
canoman	wxcatalog	1	No specific role
canoneegiga	canone	1	No specific role
canonical_chris	clio-knows	1	Developer
canonical_tom	sdl-mng	1	No specific role
canonical_tom	bdate	1	No specific role
canonical_tom	libpa-gui	1	No specific role
canopus961	wordpress-es	0	Developer
canopus961	easypodcast	1	No specific role
canqun	ccrg-g95	0	Developer
cansaldi	plomino	0	Developer
cansu	chatlack	0	Developer
cantabis	cavour	1	No specific role
cantanker	collective	0	Developer
cantao	pantheon	1	No specific role
cantbecivil	axim-ward	1	No specific role
cantelo	jstates	1	No specific role
cantoine	talend-studio	0	Developer
cantonics	multikurstor	1	No specific role
cantspel	gtwar	0	Developer
cantzler	mview	1	No specific role
canuck15	asterisk4soho	0	No specific role
canuckian	nestimulator	1	No specific role
canuckid	izilla	0	Content Management
canuckid2012	melbyecontact	1	No specific role
canuda10	openbor	0	Developer
canuszczyk	openlp	0	Developer
canvas	xmlgroups	1	No specific role
canwolf	pendsim	1	No specific role
canyonpete	gps2photo	1	Project Manager
canyonrat	qtkit	1	Project Manager
canzonando	scuoleinretecms	1	No specific role
cao-en	digest-it	1	No specific role
caochun	docshelf	1	No specific role
caoimhin	gramadoir	0	Developer
caoliji	dicomemail-test	1	No specific role
caom838	bsdfw	0	No specific role
caomhanach	vamp-busters	0	Developer
caonguyen	wnvt4ns	1	No specific role
caopendlm	opendlm	1	Developer
caorongjin	lportal	0	Developer
caoxg	hibernate	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cao_chengtao	irisde	0	Developer
cap	realfc	1	No specific role
cap	libcapsinetwork	1	No specific role
cap	uptimed	1	All-Hands Person
cap	monopd	1	All-Hands Person
cap0	kuh	1	No specific role
cap2501	moodle	0	Developer
cap999	extranetv2	1	No specific role
capashen	optd	1	Project Manager
capaverde	cvsntdll	1	No specific role
capaverde	cvsrepbrowser	1	No specific role
capc	jaquzzixml	0	No specific role
capcar	sql-prolog	1	No specific role
capcaunul	ricas	1	No specific role
capegeo	owasp	0	Developer
capehill	flexcat	0	Developer
capella	blackfish	1	Developer
caperaven	gls-fps-3d	0	Project Manager
capeterson	tpabbrevia	0	Developer
capgia1	famest	1	No specific role
capgia1	seatstramo	1	No specific role
caphector	itonamaton	0	Developer
caphrim007	secureideas	0	Developer
capi-lisa	ttyrpld	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
capi-lisa	versota-ircd	1	No specific role
capibara	plone-i18n	0	Developer
capicua	proyectois2	1	No specific role
capiflash	xwarspack	1	No specific role
capiflash	war3d	0	Developer
capij	mobile-game-is	1	Developer
capiman	mczub	0	Developer
capiscuas	babiloo	1	No specific role
capiscuas	subdownloader	1	No specific role
capishy	datalayer	0	Developer
capitaine	coolsmile	1	No specific role
capitaline	cdvd-rw-hdd	1	No specific role
capitanbcn	lcdproc	0	Developer
capitanfuturo	jtodome	1	All-Hands Person
capitanio	sntool	0	Developer
capitano	student-kernel	1	Project Manager
capitanplaneta	monoenraya	1	No specific role
capitol	bobblebubble	1	No specific role
capi_x	ticket	0	Developer
caplattner	ganymedssh2	1	No specific role
caplet	epan	1	Developer
caplet	e-lang	1	All-Hands Person
caplink811	nslu	0	Developer
caplord	tactic	0	Developer
capnbishop	rbgl	1	No specific role
capnchicken	spindemonia	1	Analysis / Design
capncrunch	jfritz	0	Developer
capncryptologic	jetvl	1	Project Manager
capnjack	marbles	0	Developer
capnstabn	materials	1	No specific role
capntripz	gnuclue	1	No specific role
capn_refsmmat	sc-wiki	1	Project Manager
capocasa	shelljam	1	No specific role
capote	pyfics	0	Developer
capowski	emisview	0	Developer
cappaberra	autosec	0	Developer
cappaz	badwm	0	Developer
cappelaere	mapbuilder	1	Developer
cappellini	jaslibrary	0	Developer
capper	r-asp	1	Project Manager
cappert	swingstates	1	No specific role
cappicard	belkin-extract	1	No specific role
capps	nfstestmatrix	0	Developer
cappuccinodavid	druid	0	Web Designer
capqwerty	nstats	0	Tester
capreolus	rpg-chat	0	No specific role
capretta	sg-packetfilter	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
capretta	openitalia	0	Developer
capretta	maxdev	0	Doc Writer
caprio	unityca	0	No specific role
capriott	anteater	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
capriotti	livecd	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
capriskye	php-blog	0	No specific role
caps-project	redcap	1	Project Manager
caps75	mirc-yahoo	0	Developer
capslock	tracetool	1	No specific role
capstan	tladmin	1	No specific role
capsulam	mjpeg	0	Developer
captain123	jabref	0	No specific role
captain5050	jikesrvm	0	Developer
captain5050	pearcolator	1	No specific role
captain5050	parakeet	1	No specific role
captain5050	bigintbench	1	No specific role
captain82	phpswf	0	Developer
captain82	oaccess	1	No specific role
captainblur	fossl	1	Project Manager
captaincapslock	outsiderrpg	0	Developer
captaincharisma	xenocide	0	Developer
captaincomputer	alp	0	Developer
captainfobboy	pongnexgen	1	Developer
captainfrakas	free-evolution	0	No specific role
captainigloo	enna	1	Project Manager
captainigloo	armadeus	0	No specific role
captainjester	java-game-lib	0	Developer
captainmish	autograph	1	No specific role
captainmish	kodoc	1	No specific role
captainmorgan75	hello-osx	0	No specific role
captainnuss	jaicwain	1	Project Manager
captainnuss	jacetaxe	1	Project Manager
captainnuss	twlog	1	Project Manager
captainpanick	phpdevshell	0	Developer
captainpierce	olympicctf	0	Developer
captainpierce	javaxinput	1	No specific role
captainredbeard	kopete	0	Developer
captainslackass	sq7	0	Graphic/Other Designer
captaint	duskrpg	1	Project Manager
captainturtle	zidzari	0	Graphic/Other Designer
captain_cdr	qastrocam	0	No specific role
captain_cdr	fourever	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
captain_coma	the-librarian	1	All-Hands Person
captain_eric	japm	0	Graphic/Other Designer
captain_fleming	belgiancc-l2w	1	Unix Admin
captain_fleming	belgiancc-hcr	1	Project Manager
captain_fleming	belgiancc-br	1	Project Manager
captain_hook	phpechocms	0	Doc Writer
captain_p	php-tuxedo	0	Developer
captain_tenille	cpuvec	0	Developer
captain_xentax	earthclock	1	No specific role
captain_xentax	openmex	1	Project Manager
captbazarro	bwr	1	No specific role
captbazarro	ircopoly	0	Developer
captbrando	pgmail	1	No specific role
captbrando	tams	1	No specific role
captbrando	betterblog	1	No specific role
captbrando	echelon	1	All-Hands Person
captbunzo	bookmarksync	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
captbunzo	captainslog	1	Project Manager
captcomputer	autoalien	1	Project Manager
captdeaf	ebmlcs	0	Developer
captgonzo	jgrib	0	Developer
captin	obserpcrm	1	Project Manager
caption	xdoclet-ui	0	No specific role
caption666	norzcubed	1	Developer
captkirk	dawgpaw	0	Developer
captkurt_99	rescuetime	0	Developer
captmorgan	offsystem	1	Project Manager
captneo	hat3ddemo	1	No specific role
captnmark	iceorg	1	Project Manager
captnmark	icewm	1	Project Manager
captnmark	fte	1	All-Hands Person
capto	sportsladder	1	No specific role
captoblivious	galileo	1	No specific role
captoblivious	ga2	1	No specific role
captoblivious	glwars	1	No specific role
captoblivious	libgloop	1	No specific role
captoconnor	kbzsite	1	No specific role
captpossum	cdxscorebot	0	Support Manager
captsens	clichart	1	No specific role
captsens	jcodereview	1	No specific role
captsens	dbmstools	1	No specific role
captsolo	evocms-plugins	0	Developer
captthud	ijournal	0	Developer
capture_db	slickos	1	Web Designer
capt_hij	traj	1	No specific role
capt_hij	seminar	1	No specific role
capt_morgan	coltoo	0	Developer
capt_nemo	lcdplugin	0	Developer
capveg	slurpie	1	Project Manager
capybara	capybara	1	Developer
capz	testbanksystem	1	Developer
capzkilla	cimp	1	No specific role
capzloc	ionicfusion	0	No specific role
cap_77	comap	0	Developer
cap_boeing	send2-tbird	1	No specific role
caq	iometer	0	Developer
car031	contineo	0	Developer
caraboides	gmc	1	Developer
caracal-real	jags	0	Developer
caracremada	dacco	0	No specific role
caraiz	imaginarlop2p	0	No specific role
caraiz	apime	1	No specific role
caralba	louise	0	No specific role
caram	foreigndesk	0	Developer
caramelcat	moonav	0	Tester
caran	apokalypse	1	Developer
caranda	webbuilder-os	0	Doc Writer
caranha	cambio	1	No specific role
caranha	npc2	0	Developer
caraone	xmltop	1	No specific role
carapaugt	bowlfish	1	Developer
carara	erp-br	0	No specific role
caratorn	loa	1	No specific role
caravaggio	bigsister	0	Developer
carballude	weso	0	Developer
carbatrol	kowari	0	Developer
carbohydrom	hybirdwvd	1	Developer
carbon-12	wotbb	1	Project Manager
carbon-dev	carbondev	1	No specific role
carbon60	collective	0	Developer
carbon60	routeskeeper	1	No specific role
carbonbase	pgd	0	Developer
carbonbasedsf	trion	1	Developer
carbonbaseone	nugentransform	1	No specific role
carbonbaseone	nugenschem	1	No specific role
carboneai	carbonas	1	Developer
carbonecar43	carbonecar43	1	No specific role
carbonecar43	inmobiliaria	1	No specific role
carbonel	madsserv	1	Project Manager
carbonem	pi4soa	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
carbonfusion	dean	0	No specific role
carbonic	drawback	1	No specific role
carbonr	carbonr	1	No specific role
carbure	armadeus	1	Project Manager
carby	treemenuapplet	1	All-Hands Person
carcam	grisbi	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
carcanya	simplex-method	1	No specific role
carcarah	cascudo	1	Developer
carcarah	nellip	1	No specific role
carcassi	mysqlforgrid	1	Project Manager
carcassi	jabble	1	No specific role
carcelle	opcua	0	No specific role
carcharius	openxdk	0	Developer
carchibald	cr-scheduler	1	Project Manager
cardedon	freespaceport	1	No specific role
cardenizen	cdromtool	1	No specific role
carder	landb	0	No specific role
cardie	opl-dev	0	Doc Writer
cardigan	tlu-clouseau	0	Developer
cardinal	pio	0	Developer
cardinal_fang	slim-interface	1	No specific role
cardoe	jaime	1	No specific role
cardoe	modntlm	1	All-Hands Person
cardosodario	cbd-noip	1	No specific role
cardosodario	cbd-select	1	No specific role
cardpi	script-nagios	1	No specific role
cardsharq	pcardsdotnet	1	No specific role
cardsped	flowcontrol	1	Project Manager
cardz	cardz	1	No specific role
card_captor	bt848x	1	All-Hands Person
card_captor	smartmontools	1	Developer
careax	wett-p2p	0	Developer
careck	rstweb	1	No specific role
careck	pyrobbie	1	No specific role
carel-j	memoranda	0	Developer
careli	vensso	0	No specific role
careli	oxe	0	No specific role
carenas	ganglia	0	Developer
carenthir	inkscape	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
careri	gigevision	1	Project Manager
carettephilippe	coriolis3d	1	No specific role
carey	tn5250	1	Doc Writer
careyd	disasterdb	1	No specific role
careyhead	kffl	1	No specific role
careyoshea	antunion	0	Developer
careystevens	cmiss	1	Developer
careytilden	revbot	1	No specific role
carey_pridgeon	nmod	1	Project Manager
carfesh	fellow	1	Developer
carfrech	tapi	1	Developer
cargnini	xrcad	1	No specific role
cargoxp	mysxpclient	1	No specific role
carguin	actwire	1	No specific role
cargula	datax	1	No specific role
cargula	fichage	1	No specific role
carha275	nlpfarm	0	Developer
cariad	spid	1	No specific role
cariaso	mpiblast	0	No specific role
caribe1999	db-satellite	1	No specific role
caribou	euler	1	No specific role
caribu	qcms	1	No specific role
carifio	mainejug	0	Developer
carinoroland	searchall	1	Developer
carissa_lynn	efiction	1	Project Manager
caristi	vaniglia	0	Developer
caris_frey	digitalgap	1	All-Hands Person
carkb	dbashell	1	Project Manager
carl-os	vexed	0	Developer
carl-os	wfmh	1	No specific role
carl-os	pdm	1	No specific role
carl-os	phpbudget	1	No specific role
carl-os	acerhk	1	No specific role
carl-os	aquapalm	0	Developer
carl-os	palmbackup	1	All-Hands Person
carl-os	golem-amiga	1	All-Hands Person
carl-os	mod-sqlinclude	1	All-Hands Person
carl0s	zoidberg	1	Developer
carlaadri	glicemeter	0	No specific role
carlabramsson	jsf-icebox	1	No specific role
carlad?az	easyp2p	0	Developer
carlalex	mentok	1	All-Hands Person
carlangas	futbolnet	1	No specific role
carlangas	capradoc	1	No specific role
carlaparra	apertium	0	No specific role
carla_cm	cvpframework	1	Project Manager
carla_garibay	fdiet-es	1	No specific role
carla_reis	webapsee	1	Project Manager
carlb613	nlmake	0	Developer
carlback	oracle-apex	1	All-Hands Person
carlbeech	xdb-money	1	No specific role
carlbeech	xdbcms	1	No specific role
carlburch	jigsaw-ide	1	No specific role
carlburch	circuit	1	No specific role
carlc	automarker	1	No specific role
carldea	jfilelister	1	Developer
carlding	spolls	0	Project Manager
carldmitch	tools4java	0	No specific role
carle	haste	1	Developer
carle	handwritten	0	No specific role
carles	qpopper	0	Developer
carlesbellver	moodle	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
carlescs	pxcjab	1	Developer
carleson	ciamos	0	All-Hands Person
carleson	e-xoopsmodules	1	Project Manager
carleson	sexoops	1	Project Manager
carlesperez	brokermanager	1	No specific role
carlesreig	simplyerp	1	No specific role
carlesreig	a-note	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
carles_lim	materialsuoc	0	Developer
carle_cote	marie	1	Project Manager
carle_cote	alcad	0	Developer
carle_cote	playerstage	0	Developer
carle_cote	mockpp	0	Developer
carle_cote	robotflow	0	Developer
carle_cote	freespeech	0	Developer
carle_cote	flowdesigner	0	Unix Admin
carlfish	ircd-pastiche	1	No specific role
carlfish	snirc	0	Developer
carlgm	prado	0	Developer
carlgoyette	carlpsx	1	Unix Admin
carlgoyette	freedyndns	1	Developer
carlh-05	sourceskating	1	Developer
carlh0728	devilvbactivex	1	No specific role
carlhuth	ride-gaming	0	Developer
carliebentley	truckload	1	No specific role
carlinhosss	filehttpd	1	Project Manager
carlin_tim	glutboard	0	Developer
carlisia	ipersonal	1	Developer
carlislemc	asharp	1	No specific role
carlislemc	adagide	1	No specific role
carlito_au	nsis-scriptgen	1	Developer
carlituss	the-1-2-3-web	1	No specific role
carljmosca	mochapos	1	No specific role
carljmosca	chaddb	1	Developer
carljohanh	iupp	1	No specific role
carlmattocks	ebxmlrr	0	Distributor/Promoter
carlmc1	openhpi	0	No specific role
carlmc1	saftest	0	Developer
carlmccall	drakecms	0	Tester
carlmcdade	flatfiledb	0	Developer
carlo	lupengo	1	No specific role
carlo-codega	sync4jmozilla	1	Developer
carlo65	mailwatch	0	Web Designer
carlo9890	dbc-utilities	1	Developer
carlo9890	mcc-framework	1	No specific role
carloandrea	ocera	0	Developer
carlobar	instantobjects	0	Developer
carlojennetten	confix	0	Developer
carlojr	a-k-i-r-a	0	Developer
carlokok	jedimath	0	Developer
carlokok	rvhtmlimport	1	Developer
carlokok	tempos	1	Project Manager
carlom	tikiwiki	0	Developer
carlos	vexed-gl	1	Developer
carlos	debian-br	1	No specific role
carlos-damasio	xsb	0	No specific role
carlos-mora	freewin	0	No specific role
carlos123	wett-p2p	0	Developer
carlos1337	kbbim	0	All-Hands Person
carlos26	elec-project	1	No specific role
carlosalves	dbdesigner-fork	0	Developer
carlosan	s-predator	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
carlosan	anonymizer	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
carlosantonio	opencomanche	1	Project Manager
carlosap256	odonto-pro	0	Developer
carlosarango	ebazaar	0	Developer
carlosareces	hylores	1	No specific role
carlosbpf	pmmunb	1	Project Manager
carlosbpf	unbgames	0	Developer
carlosbxo	wormlights	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
carloscasado	wordpress-es	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
carloscastillo	websyntegration	1	No specific role
carloscdi	folha-livre	0	Developer
carloscefp	javashop	1	Project Manager
carloscesa	manaos-gecko	1	No specific role
carloscesa	manaos-gwebcore	1	Developer
carlosdf	newsedit	1	Web Designer
carlosdiez	ai-tutor	1	No specific role
carlosdoki	selectsqldoki	1	No specific role
carlosdoki	selectingres	1	No specific role
carlosedp	kmm	1	Project Manager
carloseduardo	batnaval	1	Developer
carloseg	hwd	1	No specific role
carloseg	techlinux	1	Project Manager
carloseg	dosemu-intl	1	No specific role
carloseg	cmedia	1	No specific role
carlosein	warkurre2	0	Web Designer
carloser	susefaq	0	Doc Writer
carlosfa10	isisdcpp	1	Project Manager
carlosfigueira	jadima	1	Developer
carlosga_fb	firebird	0	Developer
carlosga_fb	pgsqlclient	1	No specific role
carlosgomez722	sophy	1	Project Manager
carlosgomez722	gfd	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
carlosgomez722	admindb	0	No specific role
carlosgrecio	abcpaint	0	Developer
carloshasan	mario	1	No specific role
carloshc	slreport	1	No specific role
carloshernandez	diasgrid	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
carlosj	panorama	0	No specific role
carlosjac	icf	1	No specific role
carlosjgm	imaginarlop2p	1	No specific role
carlosjgm	apime	0	Developer
carlosjordao	cchatd	1	Project Manager
carlosklapp	crc64	1	No specific role
carlosklapp	dupefilefinder	1	No specific role
carlosklapp	sqlclrlib	1	No specific role
carlosklapp	tsqlunittestgen	1	No specific role
carlosklapp	tsqlunit	1	No specific role
carloskussler	sismail	0	Web Designer
carloslcuenca	andromda	0	Developer
carlosleber	biodatadisplay	1	No specific role
carlosm	ceph	1	Project Manager
carlosm	paos	1	No specific role
carlosmacao	gmarathon	0	Developer
carlosmacao	fbtranslator	1	No specific role
carlosmancha	linuxmobile	0	Project Manager
carlosmn	nouveau	0	Developer
carlosmperez	wpx	1	No specific role
carlosmtz	micrm	0	Developer
carlosmurray	securecell	1	No specific role
carlosmurray	uemr	0	Developer
carlosnatal	wol	1	Project Manager
carlospc	gxve	1	No specific role
carlosq	mattrix	1	No specific role
carlosq	cobra	0	No specific role
carlosraoni	rtsai	0	Developer
carlosreche	powergraphics	1	No specific role
carlosreche	sitefiiinder	1	No specific role
carlosreif	simplepod	1	No specific role
carlosru	jbeangen	1	No specific role
carloss2	loanarranger	1	Developer
carlossc	redhispana	0	Developer
carlossch	gtb	0	Developer
carlossch	afront	1	All-Hands Person
carlossch	vistrails	0	No specific role
carlosseby	easyp2p	0	Developer
carlosserrao	opensdrm	1	Project Manager
carlosserrao	openpaysys	1	No specific role
carlosserrao	ostw	1	No specific role
carlossg	oness	1	No specific role
carlossg	maven-plugins	1	Developer
carlossg	acegisecurity	0	Developer
carlossg00	lilproxy	0	Developer
carlossg00	totality	0	Developer
carlostrub	owl	0	Doc Writer
carlosvc	actualiza	1	No specific role
carloszf	easyp2p	0	Developer
carlos_ahh	educa	1	No specific role
carlos_ahh	icpac	1	No specific role
carlos_bzk	bzk	1	Project Manager
carlos_davey	e-technological	0	Developer
carlos_eduardo	datajukebox	1	No specific role
carlos_fl	freport	0	Developer
carlos_henrique	vinte-e-um	1	No specific role
carlos_henrique	py21-online	1	No specific role
carlos_ircworks	ircworkspbot	0	Developer
carlos_jourdan	jupe	0	Developer
carlos_mendez	swteditor	1	No specific role
carlos_mendez	tencompetence	1	Developer
carlos_mg	etse	1	No specific role
carlos_miranda	c4fibs	0	Developer
carlos_novaes	lfs-autotools	1	No specific role
carlos_p_coelho	boost	0	Developer
carlos_rovira	aseclipseplugin	1	Developer
carlot	multishop	0	Graphic/Other Designer
carlotez	sshcmd	1	No specific role
carlotez	gnurubik	1	No specific role
carlotta81	impuls	0	Developer
carloxff	phototransfer	1	No specific role
carlo_bifulco	pdfsearch	1	No specific role
carlo_bifulco	algviewer	1	No specific role
carlo_bifulco	mappit	1	No specific role
carlo_bramini	fdeditw32	1	No specific role
carlo_bramini	reactos-calc	1	No specific role
carlplez	dyknl	0	Developer
carlrosenberger	db4o	1	Project Manager
carlrosenberger	polepos	0	Developer
carlrosenberger	sodaquery	1	Project Manager
carls2000	xmach	1	Developer
carls64	pnphpbb2	1	Project Manager
carlschultz	treesap	1	No specific role
carlsdev	gmailscout	1	No specific role
carlsonjf	pfaat	1	Developer
carlsonmark	mtgscorekeep	1	Project Manager
carlsonwf	jgtd	1	No specific role
carlspring	jrevpro	0	Developer
carlstanford	phpmyhotels	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
carlthewebmaste	openwiki-ng	0	Developer
carlucio	flick3d	1	All-Hands Person
carlucio	erd	1	No specific role
carluti	kdenlive	0	No specific role
carlwenrich	fasmstudio	0	Developer
carlwenrich	tickerpicker	1	No specific role
carlwenrich	restaur-reserve	1	No specific role
carlwenrich	ptkgb	1	No specific role
carlwenrich	smoother	1	No specific role
carlwenrich	asylum	0	Developer
carlwenrich	ddwbbacsm	1	No specific role
carlwenrich	widget-thing	1	No specific role
carlwenrich	craigslistwatch	1	No specific role
carlwgsson	syncml-ctoolkit	0	Developer
carlwkemp	openjcs	1	No specific role
carlyoungblood	audioseparator	1	No specific role
carl_andersson	tsheet	0	Developer
carl_galloway	php-blog	0	Developer
carl_lee	siminst	1	Project Manager
carl_lee	fastopen	1	Project Manager
carl_manaster	bioclipse	0	Developer
carl_manaster	quantum	0	No specific role
carl_manaster	zbt	1	No specific role
carl_masak	mentor-chess	1	No specific role
carl_masak	phli	1	No specific role
carl_masak	bucky	1	No specific role
carl_mcdade	freelock	0	No specific role
carl_re	defero	1	Developer
carl_seleborg	jmax	0	Developer
carl_trusiak	jugsoft	1	Project Manager
carl_trusiak	mvnsaloon	1	Developer
carl_trusiak	mvnforum	0	Developer
carl_von	jpar2	1	No specific role
carmarthen	profilemanager	1	Project Manager
carmello	platonos	1	Project Manager
carmello	genpluginengine	1	Developer
carmello	javagide	1	No specific role
carmello	geeefx	1	Developer
carmelo	castor	1	Project Manager
carmelo	bleetz	1	No specific role
carmentano	apertium	0	No specific role
carmen_rb	iguana	0	Developer
carmine	jedit	0	Developer
carmosa	projectstatus	1	Project Manager
carmour	lxplorer	1	No specific role
carnage4life	b-i-m	1	Project Manager
carnage4life	rssbandit	1	No specific role
carneeki	inprotect	0	All-Hands Person
carneeki	hawkpy	1	No specific role
carnege	freesis	1	No specific role
carnege	tce	0	No specific role
carniel	cctoolkit	1	No specific role
carnold	domconftest	1	All-Hands Person
carnold	dom4j	0	Developer
carnold	xmlconf	1	No specific role
carnold	xsdcomp	1	No specific role
carnold	ant-contrib	1	Developer
carnuke	xoops	0	No specific role
caro	filmgimp	0	Developer
caro-	phpbuns	0	Developer
caro19	weso	0	Developer
caro1984	boardgameonline	0	No specific role
carofortin	fortic	0	Developer
carofortin	millebv	0	Developer
carofortin	gesdoc	1	Project Manager
carol333	minted	1	No specific role
carol333	cetis-es	0	Developer
carola	jwamforms	0	Developer
carola	jwamexample	1	Project Manager
carola	jwamdomainvalue	1	Project Manager
carola	jwamenvironment	0	Developer
carola	jwamutil	1	Developer
carolbas	geneontology	0	Developer
carolcory	elynx	0	Developer
carolg	mydynaweb	0	Analysis / Design
carolg	tikiwiki	0	Developer
carolh	ipmitool	0	Developer
carolina	vrjtoolbox	0	Project Manager
carolina	vrjuggler	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
carolina	subsynth	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
carolune	noggami	0	No specific role
carolus	lucipher	1	No specific role
caron	v2divx	1	Developer
caron	v2v	1	Developer
caron	aigle	1	No specific role
caroorac	minet	1	Project Manager
carou	pyz80	1	No specific role
carou	simcoupe	0	Developer
carpal	psunami	1	No specific role
carpalex	motorr	0	Developer
carpathia	fraybentos	0	All-Hands Person
carpe	matocad	1	Developer
carpespasm	pv2devkit	0	Developer
carpespasm	saturntools	0	Developer
carpex	mathstudio	0	Developer
carpe_mortis	twlab	1	No specific role
carpe_noctum	reactornuke	1	No specific role
carpman	pgui	1	No specific role
carpman	picolinux	0	No specific role
carporal	wincfgtracker	0	Developer
carrachoavenger	eduos	0	No specific role
carramba	quickdc	0	Web Designer
carrasco	penelope	1	No specific role
carrdany	simpleton	0	No specific role
carreaus	phpchampfoot	1	No specific role
carregal	sway	1	Project Manager
carreno	mp-skins	0	Developer
carreracg	wxcode	0	Developer
carres_l	wired	0	All-Hands Person
carri	lib	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
carri	lwatch	0	Editorial/Content Writer
carrier	mac-robber	1	No specific role
carrier	sleuthkit	1	No specific role
carrier	dftt	1	No specific role
carrier	autopsy	1	No specific role
carrierclass	carrierclass	1	No specific role
carringt	macfro	1	No specific role
carrionbuffet	ute	0	No specific role
carrioni	oscarmcmaster	0	Developer
carrja99	phpccapi	1	No specific role
carrja99	fitnesse	0	No specific role
carrodeguas	dmn	0	Developer
carrofplano	pw2	0	Developer
carrotnick	openbpmi	0	Developer
carrotnick	coursework	0	No specific role
carrotnick	lets-talk	0	All-Hands Person
carrott	inrepsys	1	Developer
carrott	econz-eservice	0	Developer
carrott	econz-timecard	0	Developer
carrott	amizilla	0	Developer
carrott	ajabberwocky	1	No specific role
carrot_san	colen	0	No specific role
carrzkiss	cs-school	0	Developer
carsagil	aaec-2000	0	Developer
carsenat	project-sales	0	No specific role
carsonbaker	breve	0	Developer
carsongee	audiom	1	No specific role
carstenbauer	ucl	1	No specific role
carstenbock	whois-service	1	No specific role
carstenbr	esabeam	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
carstenbreuer	cbshellext	1	Project Manager
carstenbreuer	cbyacc	1	Project Manager
carstenbreuer	cbccl	1	No specific role
carstenbreuer	caminotalks	1	No specific role
carstenbreuer	cblex	1	No specific role
carstenbreuer	cbtree	1	No specific role
carstenbreuer	dp500serv	0	Developer
carstenbreuer	mail2news	1	No specific role
carstenbreuer	happyday	1	No specific role
carstenbreuer	ofc	1	Project Manager
carstenbreuer	news2mail	1	No specific role
carstenbreuer	mbox2news	1	No specific role
carstenbreuer	winmcc	1	Project Manager
carstenbreuer	unix2win	1	Project Manager
carstenbreuer	textwork	1	No specific role
carstenbreuer	bec	1	No specific role
carstenbreuer	inifile	1	Project Manager
carstenbreuer	isdncall	1	No specific role
carstenffm	xmlreleasenotes	0	Developer
carstengraef	easy	1	No specific role
carstengraef	leads4web	1	No specific role
carstenhintz	tfblims	1	No specific role
carstenklapp	upclient	1	Developer
carstenklapp	osxutils	1	No specific role
carstenklapp	opengetinfo	1	No specific role
carstenklapp	fink	0	Developer
carstenklapp	brutez	1	Developer
carstenklapp	phpwiki	1	Developer
carstenklein	celreference	1	Project Manager
carstenklein	celorganics2d	1	No specific role
carstenklein	celcellular	1	No specific role
carstenklein	celframesform	1	No specific role
carstenklein	celframes	1	No specific role
carstenklein	celmolecular	1	No specific role
carstenklein	celatomar	1	Project Manager
carstenklein	celframescore	1	Project Manager
carstenklein	biztycoon	0	Analysis / Design
carstenl	qooxdoo	0	Developer
carstenschwenn	xcoder	1	Developer
carsten_behring	jedit	0	No specific role
carsten_kjaer	rars	1	Developer
carsten_otte	plptools	0	Developer
cartanatal	chronosxp	0	No specific role
cartec-gera	phpcrs	0	Requirements Engineering
cartell	flavatar	1	No specific role
carter666	cpptreekit	1	Developer
carterbrown	youruserportal	1	Developer
carterja	wixedit	0	Developer
carterjames	shipton	1	All-Hands Person
carterman	pstars	1	No specific role
carterpage	hibernex	1	No specific role
carthagen	cthgngmhelper	1	No specific role
cartman	cybercube	1	No specific role
cartman	easyoffice	1	No specific role
cartman	terrain	1	No specific role
cartman	quick	0	No specific role
cartman	webhydra	1	No specific role
cartman	webzap	1	No specific role
cartman	molimo	1	No specific role
cartman	linuxlord	1	No specific role
cartman02au	phpbbrating	1	Developer
cartman02au	schoolmedia	1	No specific role
cartman3380	wasp-messenger	0	No specific role
cartmancakes	raceintospace	0	Developer
cartman_chadik	chadik	1	No specific role
cartola	checkfiles	1	No specific role
cartrel	gurrillaforum	0	All-Hands Person
cartwright05	simsportsutils	1	No specific role
cartwright_j	rainforest	0	No specific role
cartz	pgdbdiff	1	No specific role
caruccio	colorsvn	1	No specific role
caruccio	signtool	1	No specific role
caruccio	smsbr	1	Developer
caruccio	smspammer	1	No specific role
carueda	loro	1	Project Manager
carueda	conexion	0	All-Hands Person
carueda	guie	1	No specific role
carvaka	librdate	1	No specific role
carvin	jshopz	1	Project Manager
carvinfo	tdrsoft	0	Developer
carvuz	warp-framework	0	Developer
carx_admin	carx	1	Project Manager
carx_developer	carx	1	Developer
carynanderson	erulds	1	Project Manager
carynap	flickrdesktop	0	Developer
carynhanan	netbat2	0	Developer
carysemar	civcad	0	No specific role
cary_wong	donation	0	Developer
carzten	e107dk	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
car_unlp	xmltv	0	Developer
cas118	iteach	1	No specific role
casabrasil	casabrasil	1	No specific role
casad	phparcimsapi	1	No specific role
casad	arcxmlapi	1	No specific role
casadyc	hipaatalk	1	Project Manager
casainho	atmelv6	1	No specific role
casaleggg	jmt	0	Developer
casaleggg	gmplinalg	1	No specific role
casalist	tiqi	1	No specific role
casalogic	frifinans	1	Project Manager
casandro	avrcomputer	1	No specific role
casandro	kdenlive	0	Developer
casandro	effectv	0	No specific role
casandro	schnitzel	1	No specific role
casanova	freeallegiance	1	Project Manager
casantos	ptmozilla	1	Project Manager
casarotto	archc	0	No specific role
casawi	actedit	1	No specific role
casawi	open-activewrl	1	No specific role
casawi	openx3d	1	No specific role
casaxa	rftpdpr	1	Unix Admin
casaxa	dropline-gnome	0	Developer
casa_domotica	casa-domotica	1	No specific role
cascadeofprawns	buttonmasher	1	No specific role
cascadeofprawns	procrast	1	No specific role
cascadeofprawns	zombiecanyon	1	No specific role
cascalheira	npk-mle	0	All-Hands Person
caschtn	esteem	0	Developer
casco_osc	fci	1	No specific role
casderoc	hgshard	0	Support Manager
case507	continuumlt	1	Developer
casear	starbbs	1	Project Manager
casebeer	nbem	1	No specific role
caseol	grafme	1	No specific role
casereporter	casereporter	1	No specific role
casertalug	siicms	1	No specific role
caseya	openzaurus	0	Developer
caseya	tuxscreen	0	Developer
caseydk	dotmods	0	Developer
caseydk	dotproject-cvs	0	Developer
caseydk	dotproject	0	Developer
caseygeene	boaf	1	No specific role
caseygeene	julian	0	Developer
caseyhboettcher	phoo	0	Developer
caseyiscool	testreflector	1	No specific role
caseykelso	kineticsproject	1	No specific role
caseymanus	dnudal	1	No specific role
caseymrm	project-mayhem	1	No specific role
caseyrad	pvxhelpdesk	0	Developer
casgrain	seashore	0	Developer
cash082	mp3aacencode	1	No specific role
cashbit	mosaicox	1	Project Manager
cashbit	mosaico	1	No specific role
cashcraft	mshwpage	1	Developer
cashcraft	eridu	1	Project Manager
cashcraft	openiris	1	No specific role
cashew76	dbphpmysql	1	No specific role
cashimor	drake-devkit	1	Developer
cashmont	onesis	0	Developer
cashmont	sprm	1	Project Manager
cashmont	cbench	1	No specific role
cashmont	cbench-sf	1	Developer
cashwell	fire	0	Developer
cashy	pompom	1	No specific role
cashy	gnoemoeba	1	No specific role
casibbald	opentelco	1	No specific role
casibbald	viasip	0	No specific role
casillux	d-ea-l	1	No specific role
casillux	aartsprojetia	1	No specific role
casillux	opendp	1	No specific role
casillux	clockchecker	1	No specific role
casimir666	mpc-hc	1	Project Manager
casinotrader	fbcommunity	0	Developer
casio666	bnpp	0	No specific role
casit_null	dipmt	1	Support Manager
caskey	lmusleuth	1	Developer
caskiyote	searchorg	1	No specific role
casl	wapmail	1	No specific role
casmall	routerproxy	1	No specific role
casmall	tmail-shared	1	No specific role
casmall	visiblebackbone	1	No specific role
casmall	nagiosplugins	1	No specific role
casmall	syslogscripts	1	No specific role
casmall	snapp	1	No specific role
casmar	sweatlog	1	No specific role
casmar	jabbee	1	No specific role
casmar	pptp-gui	1	No specific role
casmeiron	prototipomm	1	No specific role
casper021	inrepsys	0	All-Hands Person
casper1	wbl	1	No specific role
casper1	crossfire	0	Developer
casper21	jdstream	0	Developer
casper2k3	wikibrowse	1	No specific role
casper8	microice	0	Developer
casperhk	hwts	1	Developer
casperhk	onebulletin	0	Project Manager
casperuk	icehost	1	No specific role
casper_biever	reflexion	1	No specific role
casper_biever	reflection	1	No specific role
casper_gasper	openwiki-ng	0	Developer
caspian	protomuck	0	Tester
caspianxi	globetrotter	1	Developer
caspianxi	sweephpstakes	1	No specific role
caspianxi	passwordmaker	0	Developer
caspianxi	alopex	1	No specific role
caspius	marvelous	1	No specific role
caspius	winurl	1	No specific role
caspring007	cerlinterface	1	No specific role
casquintana	idea-rsa-crypt	1	Developer
casret	aureal	1	Project Manager
cass	ifacemon	1	Project Manager
cass	linuxmte	1	No specific role
cass	listar-comp	1	No specific role
cass	threads	0	Developer
cassam	tonto-chem	0	Developer
cassandragreer	gpu	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cassandras	splattforum	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cassee	saca	1	Project Manager
cassim	dsa-hl	0	Editorial/Content Writer
cassimiro	decodificador	0	Developer
cassinidivision	oce	1	No specific role
cassioam	scformatter	1	No specific role
cassiopea	fata-morgana	1	No specific role
cassiterite	ufoai	0	Developer
cassj	ep-sf	0	No specific role
cassock	kron	1	No specific role
cassonin	flexcomponent	0	Developer
casswp06	eternity	1	No specific role
castaglia	proftpd	1	Developer
castaglia	proftp	1	Developer
castaglia	pdd	1	Developer
castaglia	ottoproject	1	Developer
castaglia	gssmod	0	Tester
castagna	pytypus	0	Developer
castagna	platypuswiki	1	No specific role
castamir	kbtin	1	No specific role
castamir	termrec	1	No specific role
castanaver	bbg	0	Developer
castano	tu-testbed	0	Developer
castano	castano-stuff	1	Project Manager
castek	stlib	0	Developer
castellano	freetds	0	Developer
castellano	paclink-unix	1	No specific role
castelo	finder	1	No specific role
castel_t	modlight	0	Developer
casterle	jvcl	0	Developer
casterman	mycafe	1	No specific role
casterman	ourspamkiller	1	No specific role
casterman	customer-touch	0	Tester
casterman	qra	1	No specific role
castiglione	resknife	0	Developer
castiglione	imservices	0	Developer
castillooo	mssn	1	No specific role
castillo_113	bsdfw	0	No specific role
castis	loud128	1	No specific role
castlec	speeddemon	1	No specific role
castlec	mcode	0	Developer
castlec	pocketlarn	1	No specific role
castoldi	phpboleto	0	Developer
castoldi	g6zip	1	All-Hands Person
castoldi	webphoto	1	No specific role
castorf	lkcd	0	Developer
castorinop	openaoe	1	No specific role
castorp	xfdeb	1	No specific role
castor_fou	friends	1	Developer
castor_troy	emulemorph	0	Developer
casual23	swiesel	1	Developer
casualtie	linux1hcl	1	Developer
casucegrave	jail-ust	0	Web Designer
casz	modntlm	1	All-Hands Person
cas_rioter	php-stats	0	No specific role
cat1205123	catbot	1	No specific role
cat13	robodj	1	No specific role
cat4hire	aglets	1	No specific role
cat4hire	agletsnet	1	No specific role
cat666777	daimonin	0	Graphic/Other Designer
cata-lin1986	darkbytes	0	Developer
cata00	hasdeu	1	No specific role
cata13	convergegame	0	Developer
catabolicmaster	catabolicrealm	1	Project Manager
catabolicmaster	phoenixonline	1	Project Manager
cataclyst78	agnax	1	No specific role
cataenry	apt-scan	1	No specific role
cataenry	mps	0	No specific role
catal	buyaka	1	No specific role
catalano	stigma	0	No specific role
cataldoc	optimize	0	Tester
catale	adrotator	1	No specific role
catale	javacodemaker	0	No specific role
catalean	jdbclogger	1	Project Manager
catalean	lebon	1	Developer
catalinf	sdtlib	1	No specific role
catalinfrent	acco	1	Graphic/Other Designer
cataliniacob	ees	0	Developer
catalinmerfu	yawte	1	Developer
catalin_braica	tkhub	1	No specific role
catalin_braica	firstsms	1	No specific role
catalystadv	catalyst	1	All-Hands Person
catalyst_0	easternblocksgl	1	No specific role
catam19	fetchlogs	1	No specific role
catamaran	vtags	1	No specific role
catan	catan-settlers	1	No specific role
catap	anyfs-tools	0	Developer
catapro	xawdecode	0	Developer
catapult	cantalope	1	No specific role
catbow	daschau1	1	No specific role
catbuffalo	phpsitemadeeasy	1	Project Manager
catbutt	grank	1	Developer
catcatcatcatcat	sonixwithv4l	1	No specific role
catch-all	catchall	1	Developer
catch22	heavens-belt	1	No specific role
catch23	boss	1	No specific role
catch23	physis	0	Developer
catch23	jgraph	0	Developer
catchpolenet	atomicobjects	1	No specific role
catdude	gnutrucktools	1	Developer
catdude	ostrucktrack	1	No specific role
catdude	watchcat	1	No specific role
cate	kautoconfigure	1	No specific role
catechu	notalon	1	No specific role
catenary	gnofract4d	1	No specific role
cater	panda3de	0	Developer
caterinaking	sgccr	1	Developer
caterj	crossfire	0	No specific role
caterry	freerts	0	Web Designer
catfish_man	themanaworld	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
catfish_man	adium	0	Developer
catfish_man	myko	1	No specific role
catfood	everyauction	0	No specific role
catfood	gshop	0	Developer
catfood	harbour-project	0	Developer
catfoodgood	sfgdcoll	1	No specific role
cathalco	dnn	0	Developer
cathalfurey	moodle	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
catharsis	aftermaze	0	Graphic/Other Designer
cathcart	archive-access	0	Developer
cathcart	ipfreely	1	Developer
cathedly	rpgmaker	1	Developer
catherijn	galactigov	0	Editorial/Content Writer
catherinechong	mylibrarian	1	Project Manager
catherinedevlin	sqlwrappy	1	No specific role
catherineleroy	intact	1	Developer
catherine_sf	ajax-dev-lib	0	Developer
catholiclibrary	wardtrak	0	Tester
catholicon	driven	1	No specific role
cathou	bonappetit	1	No specific role
cathou	logogl	0	No specific role
cathwim	openuser	1	No specific role
catia	kfig	0	Graphic/Other Designer
catinella	linuxwoodo	1	No specific role
catinella	perikronos	1	Developer
catkiller	librtctimer	1	No specific role
catkiller	soundgen	1	No specific role
catkin	registrywrkshp	1	No specific role
catkins	bnf-for-java	0	No specific role
catlee	phototome	1	No specific role
catlett	ggf	1	Project Manager
catlingm	bosc	1	No specific role
catlipoc	evidence	0	Tester
catloth	fckeditor	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
catmandew	wgs-assembler	1	No specific role
catmanth	gwagam	1	Project Manager
catmedia	catbat	1	No specific role
catmedia	coffeebeans	0	Project Manager
catmedia	paracelsus	0	Web Designer
catmedia	medsurvey	1	Project Manager
catnap	catnap	1	No specific role
catoauestad	remotecalendars	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
catobias	enckimail	1	No specific role
catobisso	zeromud	0	Developer
catoichi	exifstats	1	No specific role
catoichi	jitterbit	1	Project Manager
catoo	palmcppunit	1	Project Manager
catoolsen	moria	1	Developer
catpad	amazoom	1	No specific role
catpad	odzilla	1	No specific role
catron	pst	1	No specific role
catrone	hoplugins	0	Developer
catscratch	loemach	0	Developer
catsdorule	nerdsoft-os	0	Graphic/Other Designer
catsdorule	realbasic	1	No specific role
catsdorule	cocoapage	1	No specific role
catseye_2m5	phpmylibrary	0	Support Technician
catsick	pyhasp	1	No specific role
catskul	psumrss	1	Project Manager
catskul	cc-black-board	1	No specific role
catsoup	gump	0	No specific role
catss	westermania	1	Developer
cattaghia	radiola	1	No specific role
cattelan	xfs	1	No specific role
cattivik74	moneyex	1	No specific role
cattj	dnaraidtracker	1	No specific role
cattrap	fink	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
cattydady	nbpm-project	1	No specific role
cattyshack	aistockbot	0	Developer
catunda	eclubuntu	1	No specific role
catunda	palmoslua	1	Developer
catusf	flickrkeepr	1	Project Manager
catusf	cctv	1	Project Manager
catweazle	jabot	1	No specific role
catxman	seow	0	No specific role
catzee	openvisrwth	0	Developer
catzhang	opensst	0	Developer
catzor	portitizer	1	No specific role
catzwolf	zarilia	1	Project Manager
catzwolf	faqman	1	No specific role
cau	bigrcms	1	No specific role
cau0730	syllable-net	1	Developer
cau0730	syllable	0	Developer
cau0730	musicmanager	1	No specific role
cauce	nacar	1	No specific role
cauchoip	koha	0	Developer
cauchy_song	mailfs	1	Project Manager
caudron	roundtable	1	Developer
caugusti	qooxdoo	0	Developer
caulagi	mestri	1	No specific role
caulfie1d	phynd	1	Developer
cauliergilles	modesto	0	Developer
cauliergilles	mjpeg	0	Developer
cauliergilles	digikam	1	Project Manager
cauliergilles	knights	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cauliergilles	kwave	0	Developer
cauliergilles	kbear	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cauliergilles	kipi	1	Developer
cauliergilles	kcvdphoto	1	No specific role
cauliergilles	kdenlive	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
caunt	camelos	0	Developer
caupinto	cannot	0	Developer
caustik	cnes	1	Project Manager
caustik	cxbx	1	Developer
caustik	xbox-linux	0	Developer
caustik	sirenic	1	No specific role
caustik	openxdk	1	Project Manager
caustin	spike-test-gen	1	Project Manager
caustin_ats	tikiwiki	0	Developer
cautery	atengine	1	No specific role
cauth	fakemail	1	Developer
cauthon	inf-beheer	0	No specific role
cauthu	mcsync	1	No specific role
cava1010	aspnukesql	0	Tester
cavac	netscommander	1	No specific role
cavac	preselib	1	No specific role
cavac	grumpfzotzlinux	1	No specific role
cavac	blinkserv	1	No specific role
cavac	blinkensisters	1	Developer
cavac	blinkos	1	No specific role
cavac	xbasic	0	No specific role
cavac	xb-database	1	No specific role
cavac	xblavastat	1	No specific role
cavada	pygtkscintilla	1	No specific role
cavada	pygtkmvc	1	Project Manager
cavada	moleskine	0	Developer
cavalier	xpad	0	Developer
cavalier	unpaste	1	No specific role
cavalier	littlebrother	1	No specific role
cavalkaf	pirx	0	All-Hands Person
cavalleydude	dcm4che	0	No specific role
cavallo71	kdfio	1	No specific role
cavallo71	pyvm	1	All-Hands Person
cavalry	genethic	1	Project Manager
cavanaug	twikiplugins	0	Developer
cavebear	sportsphool	1	No specific role
cavedude00	mxoemu	0	Developer
cavedude00	eqemuquests	0	Developer
cavedude00	eqemupack	1	Developer
cavedude00	projecteq	1	Developer
cavelier	ipr	1	Developer
cavemanf16	samplesizecalc	1	No specific role
cavemanj	jmcg	1	No specific role
cavemansf	phpcollab	0	Developer
caverdude	javawhiteboard	1	Project Manager
caverdude	javamathlib	1	Project Manager
caverdude	javaref	1	All-Hands Person
caverdude	javaquiz	1	No specific role
caverdude	javacavemaps	1	No specific role
caverdude	javagg	1	Project Manager
caverdude	universe	0	Developer
caverdude	virtualdb	0	Developer
caverdude	concathtml	0	No specific role
caverna_uy	webuylug	0	Developer
cavesomething	wbl	1	Developer
cavesomething	crossfire	0	Developer
cavesomething	jcrossclient	1	No specific role
cavetroll	fpscavetroll	1	No specific role
cavette	anodms	1	No specific role
cavey	qce-ga	0	No specific role
cave_crickett	irsaudit	1	No specific role
cavies	digitalscribe	1	No specific role
caviler	astats	1	No specific role
cavingdeep	aspectnet	1	Project Manager
cavingdeep	dcg	1	Project Manager
cavis	mx4j	0	Developer
cavo	tucniak	0	No specific role
cavour	vast	0	No specific role
cavour	ascend	1	No specific role
cawe	jake2	0	Developer
cawellington	orc	0	No specific role
cawgod	jrisky	1	No specific role
cawilliams	rubyeclipse	1	All-Hands Person
cawoodm	onemancms	1	No specific role
cawshis	dyson	0	No specific role
cax	d2rq-map	0	Developer
cax	rdfapi-php	1	Project Manager
caybro	kde-czech	1	Project Manager
caybro	kqf	1	No specific role
caybro	oo-cs	1	Project Manager
caydr	ta-aa	1	Project Manager
caye	pushex	1	Developer
cayel	hanoi	0	Developer
cayhorstmann	violet	1	No specific role
caylor26	gaminghq	1	No specific role
cayo666	rotorcraft-dsgn	1	No specific role
cayorodriguez	bioinforread	1	No specific role
cayre	libit	0	Developer
cayte	maexplorer	0	Developer
cayte	genephp	0	Developer
cayte	perlunit	1	No specific role
cazador481	achaeacure	0	Developer
cazarottiv	fwlogviewer	1	Developer
cazasalvaje	reportfactory	1	No specific role
cazavirus	pycsb	1	No specific role
cazeaux	arevi	0	Developer
cazenave	jsynoptic	1	No specific role
cazhaow	pmml	0	Developer
cazoo	phpdnsadmin	1	No specific role
cazort	optis	1	No specific role
cazsan	atlantika	1	No specific role
cazsoftware	sqlbuddy	0	Developer
cazz	snort	1	Developer
cazz	barnyard	0	Developer
cazzius	jboss	0	Developer
ca_agostinho	stepmod	0	Developer
ca_berry	u-p2p	0	Developer
ca_challenge	ingreschallenge	1	Developer
ca_challenge	loadperf	1	No specific role
ca_chief	contentartist	1	Developer
ca_linux	ansi2unicode	0	Developer
ca_linux	jswingkit	0	Developer
ca_linux	jcompass	1	No specific role
ca_linux	jsimpledice	1	No specific role
ca_linux	jsimplebase	1	No specific role
cb-lse	vnet	1	Developer
cb-lse	algodistr	1	Developer
cb2206	stuffdb	1	No specific role
cb5264	nepenthes	0	Doc Writer
cb786	anthoside	1	No specific role
cb8100	cbdiff	1	No specific role
cba037	monmaster	1	No specific role
cba037	knotal	1	No specific role
cbackes	bnpp	0	Developer
cbadea	datamodel	0	Developer
cbagwell	clist	1	No specific role
cbagwell	studio	1	No specific role
cbagwell	snapscan	1	No specific role
cbagwell	sox	1	Developer
cbahnsen	byacc	0	No specific role
cbair	chimeracomic	1	No specific role
cbair	ebayparse	1	No specific role
cbair	gryphonstore	1	No specific role
cbajax	cba	1	No specific role
cbakker	wampum	1	No specific role
cbalint	ogdi	0	Developer
cballard	stockyfact	1	All-Hands Person
cbampton	cyllene	1	No specific role
cbanaka	salt-usability	1	Developer
cbandlam	biocentrica	0	No specific role
cbanta	pyscsi	1	No specific role
cbanville1	lornet-telos	1	Project Manager
cbanville1	lompad	1	Project Manager
cbanville1	paloma-suite	1	Project Manager
cbaoqiu	xsb	1	No specific role
cbarbry	jiveiob	1	No specific role
cbarker75	dxtra	1	No specific role
cbarky66	eva-net	0	Developer
cbarratt	backuppc	1	Project Manager
cbarratt	perlrsync	1	No specific role
cbarth	pmaker	1	No specific role
cbass2	gamedev	0	Doc Writer
cbassistant	cbassistant	1	No specific role
cbasso	cmdevel	0	Developer
cbasso	amadis	1	No specific role
cbattail	cobalt-dna	1	No specific role
cbatters	mmcdtools	1	Tester
cbatters	mmcdlogger	1	All-Hands Person
cbaumba1	geneva	0	Developer
cbaunni	text-to-go	1	No specific role
cbaurtx	wxe6b	1	No specific role
cbaurtx	gxsm	0	Developer
cbayer	yasli	1	No specific role
cbayle	crystal	0	Developer
cbayle	edusmart	1	No specific role
cbayle	sysauth-pgsql	1	Project Manager
cbcampbell	rhems	0	Developer
cbcampbell	rhdw	1	No specific role
cbcampbell	rhldc	1	No specific role
cbcampbell	rhcomm	1	No specific role
cbcampbell	merits	1	Developer
cbchhaya	securechat	1	No specific role
cbco	soaos	0	Developer
cbco	jedi-sdl	1	Developer
cbcunc	collective	0	Developer
cbcunc	otas	0	No specific role
cbeau	masyv	1	Project Manager
cbeaucousin	sca-project	1	No specific role
cbeaudet	gcgreatcode	1	No specific role
cbeckwith	playergraph	0	Content Management
cbeels	chsite	1	No specific role
cbegg	varzeneh	0	Developer
cbegg	trepidation	0	Developer
cbegin	ibatisbreakdown	1	Project Manager
cbegin	ibatisaxle	1	No specific role
cbegin	ibatissecrets	1	No specific role
cbegin	ibatisjpetstore	1	No specific role
cbegin	ibatiscontrib	1	No specific role
cbegin	ibatisnet	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
cbegin	ibatisdb	1	Developer
cbegin	ibatislookout	1	No specific role
cbelderrain	wcp	0	Developer
cben	zis	0	All-Hands Person
cben	bitlife	1	No specific role
cben	cben-hacks	1	No specific role
cben	metacrap	1	All-Hands Person
cben	docutils	0	Developer
cbenard	cbras	1	No specific role
cbenden	openknights	0	Developer
cbenjemia	hospitality-erp	1	No specific role
cbennett	streamripper	0	Developer
cbennett	ufraw	0	Developer
cbentzien	phpsteak	1	All-Hands Person
cberg	pypebbles	1	No specific role
cberger	hp48xgcc	0	Developer
cbergmann	osms	1	Project Manager
cbermar	realmsofmagic	0	Developer
cbertelli	drakecms	0	Developer
cbertocco	mobilec	0	Developer
cbertolini	cooperweb	1	Project Manager
cberube	nwn2yatt	0	Developer
cberube	wrabbitftp	1	No specific role
cberube	kaph	1	No specific role
cbetz	phoenix-ie	1	All-Hands Person
cbf01	radengine	1	No specific role
cbfb	email-sched	1	No specific role
cbice	web-erp	0	Developer
cbidea	cb-all	1	No specific role
cbidea	morexo	0	Developer
cbiegay	fitnesse	0	Developer
cbielow	open-ms	0	Developer
cbienia	pthreadw	1	No specific role
cbiere	gtk-gnutella	0	Developer
cbierner	fishingcat	1	No specific role
cbiette	presto	0	Developer
cbiffle	servletstats	1	No specific role
cbiffle	ivm	0	Doc Writer
cbiffle	kiwimusic	1	Project Manager
cbilson	crplugin	0	No specific role
cbilson	coderushcontrib	1	No specific role
cbin	cryptx	1	No specific role
cbing	vivid	1	Project Manager
cbirchle	interlis2fsm	1	No specific role
cbirchle	ciao	1	Project Manager
cbirkel	freesudoku	0	No specific role
cbissler	moodle	0	Developer
cbjohns	integrit	0	Developer
cbl	electure	1	Project Manager
cblackburn	clicktrack	1	No specific role
cblackburn	phatterns	1	No specific role
cblackburn	phajax	1	No specific role
cblackburn	pnquickbid	1	No specific role
cblackburn	xmltv2db	1	No specific role
cblackburn	jwams	1	No specific role
cblackburn	mmb	1	No specific role
cbladon	bladon	1	No specific role
cbladon	javalog	1	No specific role
cblam	gnade	0	Developer
cblauvelt	networkdaemon	1	No specific role
cblavier	metricsdb	1	No specific role
cblavier	infusionproject	1	Developer
cblayned	jupiter-ftp	0	Developer
cbleek	typo3xdev	0	Developer
cbleek	openhr	1	No specific role
cblin	m-engine	0	No specific role
cblin	svprog	1	No specific role
cblock	mklivecd	1	No specific role
cblue	pernband	0	Developer
cbluett	zdt	0	Developer
cbm4linux	cbm4linux	1	No specific role
cbm4linux	opencbm	0	Developer
cbm64k	riotinto	1	No specific role
cbmeeks	samus-engine	1	No specific role
cbmeredith	raif	1	No specific role
cbm_rpgtoolkit	rpgtoolkit	1	No specific role
cboehmer	websmart	0	Developer
cboettger	openxp	1	Project Manager
cboettger	pb-webmaui	0	Developer
cboettger	phpgroupware	0	Support Manager
cbogdan2k1	wxcrawler	1	No specific role
cbokhove	stack	0	Developer
cbolchini	polidbms	1	Project Manager
cboldy	mozilla-ro	0	No specific role
cboles	openecu	1	No specific role
cbolte	kapaga	0	Developer
cbomb	i-com	0	Developer
cbonar	subtools	1	Project Manager
cbonar	filelist	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cbonar	opencargo	1	Project Manager
cbonar	barde	1	Project Manager
cbond	libctk	0	No specific role
cbond	lurker	0	Developer
cbooth7575	bangthedrumcln	1	Project Manager
cborni	ickle	0	Developer
cborrow	simpleframework	1	No specific role
cbot99	cbotsmovies	1	Project Manager
cbothamy	bochs	1	Developer
cbou	findexer	1	No specific role
cbougouin	pleade	0	Developer
cbougouin	xdepo	0	Developer
cboulanger	zophe	1	No specific role
cboulanger	photobook	1	No specific role
cboulanger	free-ria	0	Developer
cboulanger	qxtransformer	1	Developer
cboulanger	bibliophile	0	Developer
cboulanger	bibliograph	1	Developer
cbouleau	jdynamite	1	No specific role
cbourque1	jqemu	1	No specific role
cbourreau	neogia	0	Developer
cboussus	lantv	1	No specific role
cboussus	lanstate	1	No specific role
cbov	cgxhope	0	Developer
cbowman	tikiwiki	0	Developer
cbozic	trackit	0	Developer
cbozic	mockandroll	1	No specific role
cbozic	py-gallery	1	No specific role
cbozic	mavendepgui	1	No specific role
cbr	psycle	0	No specific role
cbr2702	diplomator	1	No specific role
cbr600f	pinga	1	Doc Writer
cbradney	scribus	1	Developer
cbraga	maude-msos-tool	1	Developer
cbraganza	randomgame	0	Developer
cbramsey	vetclientdb	0	Analysis / Design
cbrand	fuse-mp3fs	1	No specific role
cbrantly	sampleinventory	1	Project Manager
cbratton	jaime	0	Developer
cbreen	nbloggerapi	1	Developer
cbrianhill	clockwork	0	Developer
cbrianso	panp	1	Developer
cbricart	openantivirus	1	No specific role
cbricart	ed2k-gtk-gui	0	Graphic/Other Designer
cbricart	amavis	1	No specific role
cbricart	lavp	1	No specific role
cbricart	tarpit	1	No specific role
cbridgerg00	greenengine	0	No specific role
cbrien	mopore-togo	0	Developer
cbrinegar	hli	1	No specific role
cbrinegar	lahelper	1	No specific role
cbritto	projetojose	1	No specific role
cbrocas	bbuilder	1	No specific role
cbrockman	libmss	0	No specific role
cbrockmann	openccg	0	Developer
cbrodie	pngamers	0	No specific role
cbrom	ent	1	No specific role
cbrooks	fixedwidth	1	No specific role
cbrooks	http-recorder	1	No specific role
cbrotsos	rtg	0	Developer
cbrowet	ofxexportcafe	1	Unix Admin
cbrowne	prologtaxes	1	No specific role
cbrowne	bush	1	No specific role
cbrrrboy	oasisopen	1	Developer
cbrun	millebv	0	Developer
cbrunner	panda3d	0	Developer
cbruyland	v-webmail	1	Project Manager
cbrz	web-ide	1	No specific role
cbs8dde	arcitey	0	Graphic/Other Designer
cbschmid	spruce	1	Developer
cbthiess	janino	0	No specific role
cbthiess	katabafunc	1	No specific role
cbtoom	music-staves	0	Developer
cbu2	fairdj	1	Developer
cbuegenburg	scom	1	No specific role
cbuehler	jlcr	1	No specific role
cbuehring	mettos	1	No specific role
cbueno81	longcms	1	Developer
cbuenoguerrero	mailcourse	0	Developer
cbuguet	tcp2com	1	All-Hands Person
cbuguet	getthecolor	0	Developer
cbup	clu	1	Project Manager
cbup2	clu	0	Developer
cburgdorfer	tempora	0	Developer
cburgdorfer	salomonder	1	No specific role
cburke	midiki	1	No specific role
cburnley	objectopia	1	No specific role
cburton	sqlite-php	1	No specific role
cburwell	community2php	1	All-Hands Person
cbussien	chronosxp	0	No specific role
cbustosb	yatikiri	1	Developer
cbv	interfacewm	0	Developer
cbwatso	generic-code-br	1	No specific role
cbwhiz	aboard	1	Project Manager
cbwhiz	phpdirlist	1	No specific role
cbwhiz	py-wol	1	Developer
cbwolf	openevgalaxy	0	No specific role
cbx550f	xvidcalc	1	No specific role
cbx550f	wifiradar	1	No specific role
cbx550f	scorched3d	0	Developer
cbx550f	scorched3d-mods	1	Developer
cbyelena	groupforge	1	No specific role
cbyrum	hostinghelper	0	Developer
cbyrum	maverick	1	No specific role
cbzadb	jedimail	1	No specific role
cb_fog	content-builder	1	Developer
cc-cat	wiredmail	0	No specific role
cc-cat	phpdevstudio	0	Developer
cc-cat	phpowersearch	0	Developer
cc-se	uws	1	No specific role
cc07	netcal	1	Developer
cc0cc	jablog	1	No specific role
cc13	fli4l	1	No specific role
cc7816	wallbuilder	0	Developer
cc8772850	wbemsource	0	No specific role
cc8772850	wbemservices	1	Project Manager
cca2	greensocs	0	No specific role
cca93014	jtaps	1	No specific role
cca93014	contentmentcms	1	No specific role
ccady	dumasframework	1	All-Hands Person
ccaldeira	cropsim-xml	1	No specific role
ccalicott	mecca	1	Developer
ccallendar	chiselgroup	1	Project Manager
ccallendar	mapaphoto	1	Project Manager
ccallendar	tagsea	1	Developer
ccallendar	beyondcvs	1	No specific role
ccalvert	elvenware	1	No specific role
ccamba	carbonecar43	1	No specific role
ccambien	chello	1	Project Manager
ccambien	ftpget	1	No specific role
ccamiloc	superstore	1	No specific role
ccampbel	xicada	0	No specific role
ccampeggi	portablehabitat	1	No specific role
ccamusso	geflo	1	No specific role
ccanargiu	polaris4os	0	No specific role
ccancinos	uqbar-commons	1	Developer
ccancinos	bml	0	No specific role
ccancinos	bttf	1	No specific role
ccandelae	geturexe	0	Developer
ccano	mx4j	0	Developer
ccarbone	talend-studio	1	Project Manager
ccarmier	megaman-pac	1	No specific role
ccarmier	vitiligo	1	Developer
ccarneiroj	opennuke	1	Developer
ccaro	ibconsole	0	No specific role
ccaro	ibx	0	No specific role
ccarr	leaf	0	All-Hands Person
ccarralero	p2people	1	No specific role
ccarroll	spk	1	No specific role
ccarroll	statemenu	1	No specific role
ccarroll	windowgrouper	1	Developer
ccarroll	backstep	1	No specific role
ccas	ysmv7	0	Developer
ccassa	patientanon	1	Developer
ccassa	chipcluster	1	No specific role
ccastillo	disk	0	Developer
ccatlin	blinkk	1	No specific role
ccavanaugh	jgnash	1	Project Manager
ccavnor	gmod	0	Developer
ccavnor	gdxbase	1	No specific role
ccba	xwarelabs	1	No specific role
ccba	warpcpp	0	Developer
ccba	generalerp	1	Project Manager
ccbanciu	wsfuzzer	0	Developer
ccbruce	wids	1	No specific role
ccbruce	sobes	1	No specific role
ccc-meza	ccc-language	0	No specific role
cccc828	linuxhwdb	0	No specific role
ccchiodo	russellpour	1	Developer
ccckmit	web2be	1	No specific role
ccckmit	web2chinese	1	No specific role
ccckmit	jaby	1	No specific role
ccckmit	gpsgame	1	No specific role
ccckmit	openpdf	1	No specific role
ccckmit	easyai	1	No specific role
cccpman	phpnet	1	Developer
ccc_it	zierp	0	DBA (Database Administrator)
ccc_jmcshane	hsc-tools	1	Developer
ccc_jmcshane	hsc-webparts	1	Developer
ccc_jmcshane	hsc-datacubes	1	Developer
ccc_jmcshane	hsc-portal	1	Developer
ccc_jmcshane	hsc-imsi	1	Developer
ccc_jmcshane	hsc-repository	1	Developer
ccc_jmcshane	hsc-ei	1	Developer
ccc_jmcshane	hsc-ce	1	Developer
ccdcn	ltrue	1	No specific role
ccdigix	antsnest	1	No specific role
ccdos	anallog	1	Developer
ccdrbrg	appdc	1	No specific role
ccdrbrg	openaf	1	No specific role
cce	htsql	1	No specific role
cce	pyimap	0	Developer
cce	recurrent	1	No specific role
cce	adapt	1	No specific role
cce	yaml	1	No specific role
cce	yaml4r	0	Developer
cce	xsltsl	0	Developer
cceettss	emsim	0	Developer
ccfg	cbios	0	No specific role
ccfoley	openacc	0	No specific role
ccfoley	dbestudio	0	Developer
ccfoley	swallow	0	Developer
ccfoo	monet	1	No specific role
ccgus	vpstash	1	No specific role
ccgus	leverage	1	Developer
cchabanois	winhp	1	No specific role
cchamberland	uscan	0	No specific role
cchampion	iloa	1	No specific role
cchan-freetown	qmhandle	1	No specific role
cchangharvard	mev-tm4	0	Developer
cchantep	europadm	1	Project Manager
cchantep	galapagos	1	No specific role
cchantep	tdnssd	1	Project Manager
cchantep	k10	1	Developer
cchantep	ginasys	1	Project Manager
cchapin	treemenuxl	1	No specific role
ccharabaruk	jotpad	1	No specific role
ccharissis	sycluster	1	No specific role
ccharlie2	magnet	1	Project Manager
ccharlier	phpmystudent	1	No specific role
ccharz	microwiki	1	No specific role
ccheever	phpi	1	No specific role
ccheline	p-sim	1	No specific role
cchenavier	vfptoolbox	1	No specific role
cchicote	gasteroids	0	No specific role
cchooper	silctrillian	0	Developer
cchooper	open-netgrmr	1	Developer
cchoquet	gplflash	0	Developer
cchris	esl	0	No specific role
cchris	peu	1	Doc Writer
cchristo	voicrypt	1	Developer
cchrysostom	jato	1	Developer
cch_sf	g502majiang	1	No specific role
ccibinel	svncview-applet	1	No specific role
ccigi	puzzlegrid	1	Project Manager
cciotti	aggilus	0	Requirements Engineering
ccjozwiak	jcphotogallery	1	No specific role
cclay	codecommander	0	No specific role
ccleitinho	cmd-basic	1	No specific role
cclepper	pd-gem	0	Developer
cclerget	nflog	1	No specific role
ccleva	pebble-struts	0	Developer
ccleva	tlabs	1	Project Manager
ccleve	janino	0	No specific role
ccleve	dieseltest	1	No specific role
cclifton	jmlspecs	1	Project Manager
cclifton	multijava	1	Project Manager
cclleebb	sdlkurve	1	No specific role
ccm304	bookr	1	No specific role
ccmehil	sdn-kmweblog	1	No specific role
ccmehil	bitdamaged	1	No specific role
ccmich	gimp-bilateral	1	No specific role
ccn	chromium	0	Developer
ccn	jbcd	0	All-Hands Person
ccn	jcontractor	0	Developer
ccnelson	remoteant	1	No specific role
ccnelson	ofbiz	0	No specific role
ccnetconfig	ccnetconfig	1	No specific role
ccnetlive	ccnetcontrib	0	No specific role
ccnetlive	ccnet	0	Tester
ccnetlive	sitemesh	0	No specific role
ccnetlive	marathonnet	0	Developer
ccnetlive	nmock	0	No specific role
ccnetlive	nant	0	Developer
ccnetlive	nantcontrib	0	Developer
ccnetlive	nfit	0	No specific role
ccnetlive	netreflector	0	No specific role
ccnlab	icatb	1	No specific role
ccns	eap-ikev2	1	No specific role
ccns	ecrit	1	No specific role
ccocquet	taxi	0	No specific role
ccodecc	lirc-bot	1	Developer
ccodere	freepascal	0	Developer
ccodere	pasdoc	1	Project Manager
ccoil	ricq	0	Developer
ccolds	mod-pubsub	0	Developer
ccolds	cleese	0	No specific role
ccolletto	startec-apollo	1	No specific role
ccolley	mepsth	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
ccollins	deckbuilder	1	No specific role
ccollins0601	openclinica	1	No specific role
ccollio	aaf	0	Developer
ccombar	dwcc	0	Developer
cconcepcion	enrollment	1	No specific role
cconcolato	gpac	0	Project Manager
ccontavalli	modxslt	1	No specific role
ccontavalli	mod-xslt	0	Developer
ccontavalli	pigeonair	1	No specific role
ccontrol	jclone	1	No specific role
ccontrol	jflash	1	No specific role
ccook23	uptimealerts	1	No specific role
ccoquand	agda	1	Developer
ccorbett	mosesdecoder	0	No specific role
ccordes	clamav	0	Developer
ccornaby	themekit	1	No specific role
ccornell	susefaq	0	Content Management
ccorsi	cayambe	0	Developer
ccos	supercollider	1	All-Hands Person
ccosse	vocabtool	1	No specific role
ccosse	tuxmathscrabble	1	No specific role
ccosse	tuxwordsmith	1	No specific role
ccosse	researchmaster	1	No specific role
ccosse	mstation	1	No specific role
ccosse	axwb	1	No specific role
ccosse	abj	1	No specific role
ccosse	eduapp	1	No specific role
ccosse	flashcard	1	No specific role
ccosse	lissapp	1	No specific role
ccosse	mathvolcano	1	No specific role
ccosse	mathasaurus	1	No specific role
ccosse	webalyzer	1	No specific role
ccostelloe	internetdirect	0	Developer
ccostin	abs-ro	1	No specific role
ccount	okiproject	0	Developer
ccoupal	xmlcfgdal	1	No specific role
ccozianu	wcp	1	Developer
ccpaging	zhcon	1	Developer
ccpking	promatch-proj	1	Developer
ccpraude	no-sod	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
ccprg	htb2	1	Developer
ccpriebe	geoapi	0	Developer
ccpriebe	geobject	1	Project Manager
ccpz	pcmanx	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
ccraig	bpowerd	1	Project Manager
ccraig	pythonic	1	Developer
ccrapen	apenmoolgen	1	No specific role
ccrause	capeopenwizard	1	No specific role
ccrdude	mt-daapd	0	Developer
ccreinhart	codetastic	1	Project Manager
ccreutzig	mupad-combinat	0	Developer
ccreynolds	gwnukemod	1	No specific role
ccrg	ccrg-g95	1	Project Manager
ccrome	socketwatch	0	Developer
ccrome	jenu	1	No specific role
ccroswhite	beventsd	1	No specific role
ccrouch	jboss	0	Developer
ccrow	ellipt2d	0	No specific role
ccrow	distsolve	0	Developer
ccrow	curly3d	0	No specific role
ccrtnsp	jss	1	No specific role
ccrtnsp	spaceracer	0	No specific role
ccrucciani	phpsmtprelay	1	No specific role
ccrumlish	dean	0	No specific role
ccrunner84	dev3dfx	1	No specific role
ccs4ever	shougou	0	Developer
ccs4ever	seris-bot	0	Developer
ccs4ever	sakura-os	1	Developer
ccs4ever	sbus	0	Distributor/Promoter
ccs4ever	mwip	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
ccs4ever	paknet	1	Developer
ccs4ever	wolfram-machine	0	Analysis / Design
ccs4ever	pwim	1	Developer
ccs4ever	majic	0	Developer
ccs4ever	maiden-core	0	Developer
ccs4ever	longenis	0	Developer
ccs4ever	binverse	0	No specific role
ccs4ever	aura-pda	0	Developer
ccshan	kanren	0	Developer
ccsmart	nslu	0	Developer
ccsoa	starfrag	1	Project Manager
ccstop	qlivemessenger	1	No specific role
ccs_embrace	xmacroj	1	No specific role
cctoide	bcwc	1	Developer
cctsim	octave	0	No specific role
ccuilla	jxbeans	1	No specific role
cculianu	cshl-olf	1	No specific role
cculianu	cdemu	0	No specific role
cculianu	nspike	0	No specific role
cculianu	rtxi	0	No specific role
cculver	visualogrecore	1	Developer
cculver	libtinycrypt	1	No specific role
cculver	ltcrypt	1	No specific role
cculver	ogre	0	Developer
cculver	zetsis	1	Developer
cculver	hyperfile	1	Developer
ccurtiss	m2mxml	1	No specific role
ccurvey	f2w	0	Developer
ccuser	geotools	0	Tester
ccwebhost	myaccountcp	1	No specific role
ccwei	jxwb	0	Developer
ccwill	split-pl	1	No specific role
cczech	woped	0	Developer
cc_arey	budgetme	1	No specific role
cc_benny	tktoolkit	0	No specific role
cd-	oracle-apex	0	Developer
cd-3dh	freewebdb	1	No specific role
cd-marker	injury	0	Graphic/Other Designer
cd-romulus	democ4phpbb	0	Developer
cd-w	slie	1	Developer
cd19	dbfwriter	1	No specific role
cd1971	simplyasm	1	Developer
cd5391	jcn-clubsite	0	Developer
cdab	xims	0	All-Hands Person
cdadald	rfidinventory	0	Developer
cdalar	jimmy	1	No specific role
cdaley	fdcl	0	Web Designer
cdaley	simplebb	1	Developer
cdalitz	gamera	0	Developer
cdalitz	music-staves	1	Developer
cdalitz	otr4gamera	1	No specific role
cdalitz	psaltiki4gamera	1	No specific role
cdallen	ahpag	1	No specific role
cdallen	configmgmt	1	Developer
cdaller	gpsmap	1	Project Manager
cdaller	timmon	0	Developer
cdaller	magicfile	0	Developer
cdaly	locos	1	No specific role
cdaly	wyvernet	1	No specific role
cdaly	stef	1	No specific role
cdaly	hombre	1	No specific role
cdamian	project-open	1	Developer
cdangerv	svg2ps	1	No specific role
cdarke	egres	1	No specific role
cdartnell	mic	0	Developer
cdash	openoss	0	Developer
cdasher	kidsweb	1	No specific role
cdata	glorp	0	Developer
cdave	wibsd	1	Developer
cdave	diglib	1	Developer
cdave77	obiblio	0	Developer
cdavies_ni	sym-testserver	1	No specific role
cdavis82	testconductor	0	Doc Writer
cdawzrd	frccode	1	No specific role
cdbaby	lucene-ws	0	Developer
cdbaby	phpostscript	1	No specific role
cdbarrett	formlib	1	Developer
cdc-ro	file-transfer	1	No specific role
cdcalef	tunetagger	0	Developer
cdcarter	smmanagement	1	No specific role
cdchambers	jmlspecs	0	Developer
cdchambers	multijava	1	Project Manager
cdchase	pdf-php	1	No specific role
cdchen	kblogwriter	1	Project Manager
cdchen	ksysadminshell	1	Project Manager
cdchen	ksysadminconsol	1	Project Manager
cdchen	samibb	1	Project Manager
cdc_	adplug	0	Developer
cdc_	licw	0	No specific role
cddin	riabiz	0	Developer
cddin	myflash-pacman	1	No specific role
cdea	pikevideo	1	No specific role
cdeam	tkfp	1	Project Manager
cdeas	boardgameonline	0	No specific role
cdebes	egg-project	0	Developer
cdebuysscher	ephx	0	No specific role
cdebuysscher	eolf	0	No specific role
cdeccio	vnuml	0	Developer
cdechiara	hml	1	No specific role
cdeckers	jcompatibility	0	Developer
cdecoro	wheelsu	1	No specific role
cdegroot	sgmltools-lite	1	Project Manager
cdegroot	squeak	0	No specific role
cdegroot	jdbm	1	No specific role
cdegroot	jtkinter	0	No specific role
cdegroot	glorp	1	No specific role
cdehaan	basicc	1	Web Designer
cdelaguardia	julius	1	Project Manager
cdelambert	neogia	0	Developer
cdelashm	convertandpaste	1	No specific role
cdelashm	pmtreconciler	1	No specific role
cdelashm	omf	1	No specific role
cdeluca	curatordb	1	No specific role
cdeluca	esmfcontrib	1	Project Manager
cdeluca	esmf	1	Project Manager
cdemaria	spg-cgi	0	Developer
cdemichele	depo	1	Doc Writer
cdemills	octave	0	Developer
cdemon	j-ftp	1	Developer
cdemon	jesktopapps	0	Developer
cdemon	jesktop	0	Developer
cdeng	mase	0	No specific role
cdenise_osdg	alumni-tracker	0	Developer
cdent	arts	1	All-Hands Person
cdent	socialtext	0	No specific role
cdep_illabout	pyjpflashcards	1	No specific role
cderoove	inettricorder	0	Developer
cdescalzi	cumt	1	No specific role
cdescalzi	swingcomponents	1	No specific role
cdesmond	willowgd	1	Project Manager
cdesmond	qtcsharp	0	Developer
cdesmond	kprof	1	Project Manager
cdesseno	php-web	1	No specific role
cdessimoz	darwinlib	1	No specific role
cdevienne	libxmlplusplus	1	Project Manager
cdevogt	covide	0	Developer
cdf	octave	0	Developer
cdfernando	pms475	1	Developer
cdfisher	hl7api	0	Developer
cdfrbrk	echoescommpub	1	No specific role
cdfrey	barry	1	Project Manager
cdfrey	libusb	0	Developer
cdgo	osfinancials	0	Tester
cdgregorr	directnet	1	No specific role
cdgregorr	grables	1	No specific role
cdgregorr	giki	1	No specific role
cdgregorr	suparun	1	No specific role
cdgregorr	alevolutions	1	No specific role
cdgregorr	phpim	1	Project Manager
cdgregorr	brainfuck	0	Developer
cdhall	dsacss	1	Project Manager
cdhall	spacecraft	0	No specific role
cdhamma	evm2003	0	Developer
cdhixson	controlremote	0	Developer
cdick	indeploy	1	Project Manager
cdick	maci	0	Developer
cdiekmann	openwebsuite	1	No specific role
cdiflora	avetanabt	0	Developer
cdiggins	yard-parser	1	No specific role
cdiggins	cat-language	1	No specific role
cdiggins	ootl	1	No specific role
cdiggins	heron	1	No specific role
cdillard	geobject	1	Developer
cdillard	geoapi	0	Developer
cdilloway	eddie42	0	Web Designer
cdionis	fido	1	No specific role
cdisque	eduplone	0	Developer
cdiv	cdivgames	1	No specific role
cdiv	cdiv	1	No specific role
cdivita	jsdp	1	Project Manager
cdivossen	jchessboard	1	No specific role
cdjadmin	filelist	0	Developer
cdjadmin	outside-photos	0	Developer
cdlapilli	hpgcc	0	Developer
cdlaw	animix	1	All-Hands Person
cdleech	e1000	1	Developer
cdlivre	cdlivre	1	No specific role
cdlsf	cyclicity-cdl	1	No specific role
cdlu	oftc	1	Project Manager
cdman	portslave	0	No specific role
cdmartini	e-gads	1	Project Manager
cdmckill	killerpdf	1	No specific role
cdmckill	killerirc	1	No specific role
cdmckill	phqt	1	No specific role
cdmckill	eqip	1	No specific role
cdmckill	qnxplugins	1	No specific role
cdmdotnet	mydotnetadmin	1	No specific role
cdmilligan	x4l-reload	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
cdmojoli	bugzilla-es	0	Developer
cdmoyer	libxode	1	Project Manager
cdmoyer	kosmosonline	1	No specific role
cdm_client	cdm	1	No specific role
cdnain	apol	1	No specific role
cdnally	tuxboxgames	0	Project Manager
cdneptune	nwe	1	No specific role
cdnewbee	opendriver	1	No specific role
cdntl	jisc-grouplog	1	Project Manager
cdoban	nslu	0	Developer
cdoberman1984	inktoner	1	No specific role
cdoberman1986	whazaa	0	Analysis / Design
cdodd	easylayouts	1	Developer
cdodd	semanticserver	1	Developer
cdog	parrot	1	Developer
cdog1977	python-tuxedo	1	No specific role
cdog1977	php-tuxedo	1	Project Manager
cdolivet	editarea	1	No specific role
cdomingu	eumv	0	Developer
cdonat	jsquash	1	No specific role
cdonat	xul4ie	1	No specific role
cdonley	javaldap	1	No specific role
cdoppler	amandaadm	1	No specific role
cdoremus	mainejug	1	Project Manager
cdorrat	empxform	1	No specific role
cdorrat	shadowmirror	1	No specific role
cdorsey	jmoon	0	Web Designer
cdoug	sisuite	0	Developer
cdoughty	cdjavajuke	1	No specific role
cdoumar	eirstables	1	No specific role
cdoutri	pyfortran	1	Developer
cdoutri	cdat	1	Developer
cdoutri	spanlib	0	Developer
cdoverlaw	winsidebar	1	No specific role
cdp	jabberfox	0	No specific role
cdp	jabbernaut	0	No specific role
cdpanic	archivexindex	1	Developer
cdpxe	astrocam	1	Project Manager
cdpxe	hardenedlinux	1	Project Manager
cdpxe	xyriadnsd	1	No specific role
cdqr	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
cdr1313	spyce	0	Developer
cdrauch	pgmarket	0	No specific role
cdrcsrt	automne	1	Developer
cdrew	codelens	1	No specific role
cdrewes	digimeente-mo	0	No specific role
cdrider	cdrider	1	Project Manager
cdriga	oo-ro	1	Project Manager
cdriga	kfacts-surveys	1	No specific role
cdriga	ssurvey	1	Project Manager
cdrik13	jity	1	No specific role
cdrk	rodin	1	No specific role
cdrnet	sharpirc	0	Developer
cdrnet	lokad	0	Project Manager
cdrnet	neurobox	1	No specific role
cdrnet	nmath	1	No specific role
cdrnet	xbot	1	No specific role
cdrnet	threadmsg	1	No specific role
cdsc	eje	1	Project Manager
cdsc	xmvc	1	No specific role
cdschultz	churchoffice	0	Developer
cdsheen	pnews	1	Developer
cdsmith	lpe	1	No specific role
cdsmith	hpgcc	0	Developer
cdsmith	autrealm	1	No specific role
cdsmith_lbl	gmod	0	No specific role
cdsnyder	bowsim	1	No specific role
cdsnyder	wgois	0	Developer
cdsouza	phpwebcontrols	0	Developer
cdtnavigator	picturesense	1	Project Manager
cduan	mathgen	1	Project Manager
cduangprom	kt-dms	0	Doc Writer
cdub07	cyphon3d	1	No specific role
cdube	acuview	1	Developer
cdubet	openxml4j	0	Developer
cducer	scim	0	Developer
cduch	m-engine	0	No specific role
cduck	cracklib-ruby	1	No specific role
cduffy	netburnd	1	Project Manager
cdugal	cuviewer	1	No specific role
cdujeu	djanet	1	No specific role
cdujeu	ajaxplorer	1	No specific role
cdukes	osnms	1	No specific role
cdukes	php-syslog-ng	0	Developer
cduminuco	gensrc	0	No specific role
cduminuco	objecthandler	0	No specific role
cduminuco	quantlibxl	0	No specific role
cduminuco	quantlibaddin	0	No specific role
cduminuco	quantlib	0	Developer
cduncan	pythonindexer	1	Developer
cduncan	zope-devel	1	All-Hands Person
cduncan	zope-book	1	All-Hands Person
cduncan	nlada-library	1	No specific role
cduncan	eos-game	1	All-Hands Person
cduncan	formulator	0	Developer
cdunde	quark	1	Developer
cduneau	iannix	1	Developer
cdurain	eolf	1	Unix Admin
cdurain	ephx	1	Unix Admin
cdurham	centraview	0	Developer
cdurieux	byzgl	1	No specific role
cduval	abook	0	Developer
cdvorak	smartnet	1	No specific role
cdw	clinventory	1	Developer
cdwiegand	pocketposter	1	Developer
cdwiegand	geheimnis	1	Developer
cdwiegand	umb	1	Project Manager
cdwiegand	openbasic	1	All-Hands Person
cdwtech	xrms	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
cdwyer-ideeclic	lignedetemps	0	Content Management
cdx	tikiwiki	0	Developer
cdx	dkm3	1	No specific role
cdx	beautifyphp	1	Developer
cdymnikov	rotr	1	Developer
cdzhl	mdriver	1	No specific role
cd_bjorn	rmssql	1	No specific role
cd_degerrit	rmssql	1	No specific role
cd_eat	hibern8dao	1	No specific role
cd_hakis	umgdb	1	No specific role
cd_luc	rmssql	1	Project Manager
cd_windop	windop	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
ce107	lcml	1	Project Manager
ce107	legend-lcml	1	Project Manager
ce110ut	devmaster	0	Developer
ce775	phpbs	1	No specific role
ceacy	samoth	1	No specific role
ceakins	scoopzilla	1	No specific role
ceakins	jcitadel	1	Project Manager
ceallen6216	callen	1	No specific role
ceam	phpcollab	1	No specific role
ceam	axipi	1	No specific role
ceamac	xbcast	1	No specific role
ceanperkins	woodi	1	Project Manager
ceanperkins	eposcms	1	All-Hands Person
cearbhall	cchamber	1	No specific role
cearn	devkitpro	0	Developer
cearny	win32-cron	1	No specific role
cearny	s-s-r	1	Project Manager
ceasar-sun	clonezilla	0	Developer
ceasar-sun	drbl	0	Developer
ceasar-sun	drbl-winroll	1	No specific role
ceasaro_f	onemen	1	No specific role
ceaste	msgs	0	Developer
ceastha	openprinting	0	Developer
ceastha	lpr	0	No specific role
ceausuc	swallow	0	Developer
ceausuc	dbestudio	0	No specific role
ceball	topographica	1	Developer
cebartling	xmlrpcdebugger	1	No specific role
cebartling	snifferdotnet	1	No specific role
cebartling	gergometer	1	No specific role
cebdev	snmpz	1	No specific role
cebe88	cebe-webadmin	1	Project Manager
cebewee	dciwam-html-ref	1	No specific role
cebewee	xlife	0	No specific role
cebikyn	pbb-player	1	Developer
cebix	marathon	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
cebix	frodo	1	Project Manager
cebix	basilisk	1	Project Manager
cebola	php-blog	0	No specific role
cebridges1	hawking	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
cec8998	bonfireflights	0	Developer
ceccato	jbpm	0	No specific role
cecchisandrone	j2melocator	1	No specific role
cece0211	winfuge	0	Analysis / Design
cececat	jobservatory	0	Developer
cech	libgro	1	No specific role
ceci27	idefix	0	Developer
cecid_kylee	ebmail	1	Developer
cecil36	lilproxy	0	Developer
cecilebastide	somipla	0	Developer
cecilia03	powerfolder-	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
ceciliacedres	sophy	1	Project Manager
ceciliamascolo	xmiddle	1	No specific role
cecilioc	criaexperimento	0	No specific role
cecilioc	setfon	0	Developer
cecilioc	semiofon	0	Developer
cecilioc	silweb	0	Developer
cecilioc	fonotranscritor	0	Developer
cecilios	wxcode	0	Developer
cecilios	lenmus	1	No specific role
cecilkossa	th-26180-th	1	No specific role
cecilomar	mapdb	1	No specific role
cecilomar	dquote	1	No specific role
cecilomar	gtlt	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cecilomar	phpeasymail	1	No specific role
cecil_stock	x11guitest	0	Developer
cecil_stock	winguitest	0	Developer
ceckak	kcharmap	1	No specific role
ceclevano	sigere	0	Developer
ceclipse	sswt	1	No specific role
ceclipse	xmlx	1	No specific role
cecmar	phpfoto	1	No specific role
ceco80	idra	1	Project Manager
ceco80	easymplayer	1	Project Manager
ced-code	elias	0	Developer
ced1	mobilegames	1	All-Hands Person
cedamorim	nphite	0	Tester
cedars	jotto	1	No specific role
cedars	inkubator	1	Project Manager
cedars	vitality	1	No specific role
cedars	seashore	1	Project Manager
cedchauv	aigle	0	Developer
cedchauv	phpconges	1	No specific role
ceddo	damasca-tck	0	Graphic/Other Designer
cedeno	arcanerealm	1	No specific role
ceder	deconnectthings	1	No specific role
cederavic	birdchat	0	No specific role
cederber	infomap-nlp	1	No specific role
cederberg	freemarker	0	Developer
cedit	cedit	1	No specific role
cedit	vbspaceshooter	1	Web Designer
cedit	scivb	1	No specific role
ceditor	makif	1	No specific role
cedlebab	simulus-engine	0	Developer
cedlux	ant-tibco	1	No specific role
cedneve	jsquare	1	No specific role
cedratnet	csroute	1	Project Manager
cedric-lelong	nwco-firecraft	1	No specific role
cedric-vallee	neogia	0	Developer
cedric-vidal	axsel	1	No specific role
cedric-vidal	mavenizer	1	No specific role
cedric-vidal	jxcal	1	No specific role
cedric-vidal	jmarkovchains	1	Project Manager
cedric71	hvc2003	1	No specific role
cedricbabault	tortoisecvs	0	Doc Writer
cedricbr	seagis	0	Developer
cedricdj	tokratan	0	Developer
cedricgirard	phpduploc	0	No specific role
cedricp	aqsis	0	Developer
cedricp	liquidmaya	0	Developer
cedricp	caddaric	1	Project Manager
cedrics	bearsui	1	No specific role
cedricshock	rasterplaster	1	No specific role
cedricz	armadeus	0	Developer
cedric_aubin	ogel-hebus	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
cedric_dourneau	jamendo	0	Developer
cedric_grisbi	grisbi	1	Project Manager
cedric_lignier	appligel	1	Developer
cedric_lignier	egv	1	Developer
cedric_nehemie	space-sheep	1	Developer
cedric_r	spamtrap	1	No specific role
cedric_r	spamabuser	1	Project Manager
cedric_r	bcache	1	No specific role
cedric_r	opensocks	1	No specific role
cedric_r	pcchair	1	No specific role
cedric_temple	perfparse	0	Developer
cedrik_lime	messadmin	1	No specific role
cedron	eloquent	0	Developer
cedseven	easy-gui	1	No specific role
cedseven	php-easy-cms	1	No specific role
cedsib	brick-cms	1	Project Manager
cedsn	editthispagephp	0	No specific role
cedsoft	no-sod	0	Developer
cedwards	sonicmail	1	No specific role
cedx	sitefactory	1	Developer
cedx	miniframework	1	Project Manager
ceebx	eventwatcher	1	No specific role
ceebx	krsvp	1	No specific role
ceeclipse	ptclanserver	0	Developer
ceedrick	codename-alex	0	Developer
ceefour	phpsmartclient	1	No specific role
ceefour	wincachegrind	1	No specific role
ceegk5	agent-sg	0	Developer
ceejal	libl3d	1	Project Manager
ceejayoz	vehicletracker	1	No specific role
ceelee	feingold08	0	No specific role
ceemh3	agent-sg	0	Developer
ceesb	autojml	0	Developer
ceesb	jmrtd	0	Developer
ceeshek	perl-widget	0	Developer
ceeshek	number-format	0	Developer
ceesj	hvahelpdesk	1	No specific role
ceesource	sarvant	1	No specific role
ceetee	symbio	1	Project Manager
ceetee	chirpy	1	Project Manager
ceetee	blockprint	1	No specific role
ceetheman	bonesword	0	Graphic/Other Designer
ceevee	logirc	1	Project Manager
cefalany	sqlwhite	1	No specific role
cefalany	xerxes	1	Project Manager
cefarix	cefarix	1	No specific role
cefield	cotf-cefield	1	All-Hands Person
cefield	antique-tsm	1	No specific role
cefn	biomas	1	No specific role
cefn	diet-agents	1	Developer
cefn	curiosity	1	No specific role
cefn	jbookmarks	0	Developer
cef_admin	chemeval	1	No specific role
cege7480	nspring	0	Developer
cegeddin	accessgrid	0	Tester
cegger	kgi-wip	1	No specific role
cegger	ggi	1	Developer
cegger	ggivnc	0	Developer
cegparamesh	param	1	No specific role
cegparamesh	frue	1	No specific role
ceh	btxe	1	No specific role
ceh1911	feudal	0	All-Hands Person
cehall	mkdoxy	0	Developer
cehardin	graphiteapi	1	No specific role
cehardin	gsdock	1	No specific role
cehardin	nuvu	1	No specific role
cehardin	simplygnustep	1	No specific role
ceharon	ibaccess	0	No specific role
ceharris414	casclient	1	No specific role
cehbab	cehnet	1	No specific role
cehbab	logicmoo	0	Developer
cehbab	ixml	1	No specific role
cehgartn	evesim	0	Developer
cehlen	bali	1	No specific role
cehlers	eqmapview	1	Developer
cehteh	gprolog	0	Developer
cehteh	good	1	No specific role
cehupper	matr	0	Developer
cehu_atra	nnsim	1	No specific role
ceia	pscoblib	1	No specific role
ceige	revisitra	1	No specific role
ceiled	chaosengine	1	All-Hands Person
ceis	jomm	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
ceis	iom	1	No specific role
ceis	umleditor	1	No specific role
ceisendle	tasktlogger	0	Developer
ceisserer	loosydhcp	1	No specific role
ceitech	netformdesigner	0	Developer
cejeanne	andromda	0	Developer
ceka	mlgame	1	All-Hands Person
cekvenich	infonoia	0	Developer
cel8068	galicia	1	Developer
celaine	galsc	1	Project Manager
celaine	nescc	1	Project Manager
celaine	tinyos	0	Developer
celandro	partydatabase	1	No specific role
celandro	wowprofiler	0	Developer
celdevel	moog	1	Project Manager
celebap	glarerenderer	1	No specific role
celejar	mailmin	1	No specific role
celejar	ssuds	1	No specific role
celek	zclipse	0	Developer
celellach	atlasloot	0	Content Management
celephaiis	dpspoints	1	No specific role
celerybox	jbcheckstyle	1	Project Manager
celestar	openttd	0	Developer
celesteh	jjicalc	1	No specific role
celestialrpg	celestialrpg	1	No specific role
celestialryan	kamaelia	0	Developer
celfers	maestrohack	1	Developer
celframe	celframe	1	No specific role
celgueta	humano2	0	Developer
celia	ooodocs	0	Developer
celia83	cs2spa	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
celibol	dtx	1	No specific role
celibol	skinsystem	1	No specific role
celifizz	mydox	0	Developer
celik_blek	java-age	0	Developer
celine3	runningplan	0	Developer
celine_hagbard	phpphotoalbum	0	Doc Writer
celinhozinho	desem	0	Developer
celinhozinho	sised	1	Developer
celioms	jcomix	1	No specific role
celiotte	espider	0	Developer
celisdelafuente	lazypublisher	1	No specific role
celiss	weka-parallel	1	Developer
celiss	snitch	1	Developer
cell	mev	1	Developer
cell	cortex	1	No specific role
cell	wdte	1	Project Manager
cell	csseditor	1	No specific role
cell1985	srvguard	1	Developer
cellam_j	openchange	0	Developer
cellguy	ovmd	1	No specific role
cellog	php-sharp	0	Developer
cellog	phpdocu	1	Developer
celluccic	assimilator	0	Developer
cellularmitosis	phiew	1	No specific role
cellularmitosis	metris	1	No specific role
cellulit	music-db	1	No specific role
cell_	projectakira	1	No specific role
celmareli	opensi	1	Developer
celsogbj	arandu	1	No specific role
celsogbj	pmtools	1	No specific role
celsojunior	opencam	1	No specific role
celson	phpadtracker	1	No specific role
celta	battlesoccer	1	Unix Admin
celtecms	madsheep	1	No specific role
celticroot	krinein	0	Graphic/Other Designer
celtin	addbookdb	1	No specific role
celyo	lancontrolxp	1	No specific role
celyo	cvslib	1	No specific role
celyo	freeburner	0	Developer
cem	numaq	0	Unix Admin
cemaleker	phpexine	1	No specific role
cemaleker	wikindx	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cemaphore	liblzma	1	No specific role
cemartins	busdriver	1	No specific role
cemason	libgba	1	No specific role
cemason	nncfsu	1	No specific role
cembora	chatlack	0	Developer
cembozok	newsspeaker	1	No specific role
cembree	itms	0	Developer
cemcatik	basozluk	1	No specific role
cemdayanik	turquaz	0	Developer
cemdev	zpatterns	0	Developer
cemdev	zapp	0	No specific role
cemdev	zmx	0	No specific role
cemerick	jpype	0	Developer
cemig	openhealth	1	Project Manager
cemkaan	corsaac	1	No specific role
cemkaan	sys7-simplebook	0	No specific role
cemkalyoncu	ckxml	1	No specific role
cemkalyoncu	dckinstaller	1	No specific role
cemonds	jamocha	0	Developer
cemonds	jamochaagent	1	Developer
cems	evm2003	0	Developer
cemseker	bitweaver	0	Developer
cemseker	tikipro	0	No specific role
cemtan	sar2html	1	No specific role
cen1	wsis	0	Developer
cenbri	primula	1	No specific role
cendretp	francefe	1	Developer
cendrizzi	contactbook	1	No specific role
cendronf	j4sign	0	Developer
cene	ccms-ccms	1	No specific role
cengelhardt	cadm	1	Developer
cengelhardt	aipdf	1	No specific role
cengic	fuber	1	Project Manager
cengique	mp3cover	1	Project Manager
cengizs	juk	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cengizs	scytha	0	No specific role
cengizs	ganttproject	0	Developer
cenigma13	bum	1	No specific role
ceniza	codeblocks	0	Developer
cenkcivici	jasperviewer	1	No specific role
cenkcivici	jasperrepnet	1	No specific role
cenkcivici	mockfaces	1	No specific role
cenkcivici	xstreamnet	1	No specific role
cenkorox	thumbekstein	1	No specific role
cenkov	mybookmarks	1	No specific role
cenlee	j2mime	1	Project Manager
cenlee	parcels	1	Developer
cenobit	dynopoly	1	Developer
cenoura	yurix	1	Project Manager
cenourinha	webtugapl	0	Web Designer
censoraser	censoraser	1	No specific role
cent022	csvobjectloader	1	Analysis / Design
cent20	gursormaker	1	No specific role
centaurio	jcq2k	0	All-Hands Person
centaurio	jatapla	1	No specific role
centaurix	emm	1	No specific role
centaurix	pbcs	0	Developer
centaurusx	centaurusx	1	No specific role
centerbrute	sendmail-jilter	0	No specific role
centerstaffan	fmeval	1	No specific role
centgraf	jspsurveylib	0	Developer
centgraf	drjava	0	Developer
cention	ferite	0	Developer
centiped	detgames	1	No specific role
centiped	openddpt	1	No specific role
centipede	warbeiterband	1	No specific role
centomoa	ofset	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
centove	mjpeg	0	Developer
centraview	centraview	1	No specific role
centrax	freescope	1	All-Hands Person
centrinia	centrinia	1	No specific role
centromere	anope	0	Developer
centurio	phprpg	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
centurion_1	xenocide	0	Developer
cenyongh	bloggrabber	1	No specific role
cenzo_pac	freeadsp	0	Developer
ceolmhor	pm3	0	Tester
ceolmhor	webradioaide	1	No specific role
ceomr	xboxmediacenter	0	No specific role
ceoneill	buildzilla	0	No specific role
ceottaki	worldclock	1	Developer
ceottaki	anotherblock	1	Project Manager
ceottaki	vcardtools	1	No specific role
cepeep	globetrek	1	No specific role
cepelotti	eureka-cms	0	No specific role
cepelotti	mosaika-jcr	0	Tester
ceperalta	websitesmonitor	1	No specific role
ceperez	objectbridge	0	Developer
cepett01	tinyos	0	No specific role
cepiuos	ph-puza	1	No specific role
ceppe	norma	1	No specific role
cepstein	boost	0	Developer
cepstein	etreeftpd	1	All-Hands Person
cepstein	etree-scripts	1	No specific role
cepstein	quickfix	0	Developer
ceramictz	booman	1	Project Manager
ceratites	phplabdb	1	No specific role
ceratites	dnacypher	1	No specific role
cerbero69	esxoops	0	Developer
cerberusofhate	pace-ids	1	No specific role
cerberusofhate	pace-check	1	Project Manager
cerberusofhate	pace-icmp	1	No specific role
cerca	heavens-belt	0	Developer
cercavila	versiocatalana	1	Unix Admin
cerdanyohann	sybillium	1	No specific role
cerdeira	pufs	1	No specific role
cerdeira	qed	1	No specific role
cerdeno	psuprog	0	No specific role
cerdiogenes	slackg	1	No specific role
cerdiogenes	slackx	1	No specific role
cerdoc	jfreeplayer	0	No specific role
cereal2nd	boxedge	1	Project Manager
cerealxperiment	polytopetetris	0	All-Hands Person
cereates	cms-manager	1	No specific role
cerebracom	eridu	0	Developer
cerebrellum	j-algo	0	No specific role
cerebro	cce	0	Developer
cerebro1984	messagereader	1	No specific role
cerebrumarch	cerebrum	0	No specific role
cerecrai	shenmonopoly	1	No specific role
cereda	phpwebcompiler	1	No specific role
cereisinger	ndmfs	1	Developer
cerel	epfl	1	Developer
ceres	kfilter	0	Web Designer
ceres79	mvideo	0	Web Designer
ceresalto	timemon	1	Project Manager
cerescp	cerescp	1	Project Manager
ceresek	massiv	1	Project Manager
ceriak	phpbb3-hu	0	Developer
cerial23	pocketinsanity	1	Project Manager
cerilus	fbmuck	0	Developer
cerin	goshinki	1	No specific role
cerinos	apostle	0	No specific role
cerise	appear	1	No specific role
cerise	smaug-web	1	All-Hands Person
ceriso_l	bombinet	1	Developer
ceritium	galilery	1	No specific role
cerker	h3270	0	Developer
cerkit	dasblogce	0	Developer
cerkit	blogconverter	0	No specific role
cerly	synce	0	Developer
cermakm1	stlib	1	No specific role
cermann	savvy	1	No specific role
cernekee	ccheat	1	No specific role
cernekee	gelato	1	No specific role
cernekee	puss	1	No specific role
cerney	pdl	1	No specific role
ceronman	numl	0	Web Designer
ceronman	monouml	0	Developer
ceronman	monophone	1	No specific role
ceroos	lg-ceroos	1	No specific role
cerpa	lecssim	1	Developer
cerpa	tinyos	0	Developer
cerpintaxt	jeoclass	0	Developer
cerpintaxt	dynaphp	0	Developer
cerqueira	plone-i18n	0	Developer
cerqueira	collective	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cerquide	openpnl	0	Developer
cerrus	terk	0	No specific role
cerskine	htmlunit	0	Developer
certgen	wav2mp3	1	Project Manager
certifiedbomb	jinstalltool	0	Developer
certifiedexam	certifiedexam	1	No specific role
cervantez	gcover2	1	No specific role
cervex	decanat	1	No specific role
cervi1983	darkbytes	0	Developer
cervisiarius	the-barrier	1	Project Manager
cervus	relax	1	No specific role
cesampaio	request-control	0	Developer
cesampaio	oradumpanalyze	1	Developer
cesar101	javjabmessenger	0	Developer
cesar6843	colabora	1	Project Manager
cesar7073	datalayer	1	Project Manager
cesarabravop	openmodeller	0	Developer
cesarbs	quicksynergy	1	Developer
cesarbs	anahy	0	No specific role
cesarcamps	titan-cujae	1	No specific role
cesarcardoso	usbpy	1	No specific role
cesarcardoso	siri	1	No specific role
cesarcardoso	msxtheme	1	No specific role
cesarcardoso	isdnpy	1	No specific role
cesarcastillo	jnhp	1	No specific role
cesarex	sigere	0	Developer
cesare_padovani	orient	0	No specific role
cesarf	securecell	1	Project Manager
cesarfelip	nivelamento	0	Tester
cesarfn	virtus	0	Developer
cesarfreaks	p2pfolder	1	Developer
cesargr	e2resizeblk	1	No specific role
cesari	grib2v5d	1	Developer
cesari	gributil	0	No specific role
cesari	picogrib	1	No specific role
cesarizurieta	javaguion	1	Project Manager
cesarizurieta	jlegoemu	1	No specific role
cesarizurieta	rcmkeys	1	Project Manager
cesarkallas	conecta	1	No specific role
cesarmello	nativeswt	1	No specific role
cesarmello	lightforms	1	No specific role
cesarmontero	trade-and-paste	0	Developer
cesarolavo	mdeduc	1	No specific role
cesarpalomo	oscarmcmaster	0	Developer
cesarsouza	labcontroller	1	No specific role
cesarvegamx	ie6standalone	1	No specific role
cesar_ams	vcg	0	No specific role
ceschiatti	startj	1	No specific role
cescky	openser	0	Developer
cescobar	digi	0	Editorial/Content Writer
cescotto	vnccentral	1	No specific role
cesilko	rachota	1	Project Manager
cesimpson	jrecipebox	0	Developer
cesine	hittitefont	1	No specific role
cesken	kresemble	1	No specific role
cesko	usbdongle	1	No specific role
cesoir	loki-lib	0	Developer
cespedes	ltrace	1	No specific role
cespitia	xgn	1	No specific role
cesschneider	wde	1	No specific role
cesschneider	webworks	1	No specific role
cesschneider	dotweb	1	No specific role
cesschneider	mobworks	1	No specific role
cesschneider	openworks	1	No specific role
cessd	jdirdiff	1	Developer
cessenat	webroaster	1	No specific role
cessenat	ftagshtml	1	Project Manager
cessenat	slptex	1	No specific role
cessenat	mari	1	No specific role
cessna63205	newseasons	1	Project Manager
cest	hotmnt	1	No specific role
cestel	musiccenter	0	Developer
cestevez	omips	1	No specific role
cestith	lucidplugins	0	Developer
cestradac	ptm	1	Project Manager
cestreich	secant	1	No specific role
cestric	ultimatego	0	No specific role
ces_mohab	code-analyzer	1	No specific role
ces_mohab	board-collect	1	No specific role
ces_mohab	chess-challenge	1	No specific role
ces_mohab	fortressos	1	No specific role
cetb	avalon-cms	1	No specific role
cetb	phpxmlform	1	No specific role
cetchiso	activemap	0	No specific role
ceteori	enp	0	All-Hands Person
ceterisparibus	studyschedule	1	No specific role
cetinsert	tenkatext	1	Developer
ceto	jtee	1	No specific role
cetrox	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
cetroyer	forumchess	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
cetull	addl	1	No specific role
cetus	oasisse	0	No specific role
cet_vivek	magikfs	0	Developer
cevanica	apolon	1	No specific role
cevans	gwords	1	No specific role
cevant	petrichat	1	No specific role
cevets	sncddgcalc	1	No specific role
cevey	ddostm	1	Developer
cevina	c3-ds-tools	1	Developer
cevizhunter	makewebconfig	0	Developer
cevizhunter	photomatrix	0	Tester
cevoli	mica2	0	Developer
cew158	geovistastudio	0	Developer
cewarren	cycells	1	No specific role
cewigo	lansuite	0	Developer
ceyand	xjmud	1	No specific role
ceyates	medlane	0	Developer
ceyusa	playerstage	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
cez2002	kradio	0	Developer
cezar77	wgping	1	No specific role
cezar77	web-crm	1	No specific role
cezarica	scripting	0	Developer
cezarsa	liborkut	1	No specific role
cezden	loosedc	1	No specific role
cezden	joone	0	Developer
cezi	minivs	0	Developer
cezz	dotnetbee	1	No specific role
cezz_sf	merovingian	1	No specific role
cezz_sf	gazet	1	No specific role
cf1	webmoney	1	No specific role
cf101	quickee	0	No specific role
cface	modboard	1	No specific role
cfadam	freezeenergy	1	No specific role
cfadam	aquarium	0	Developer
cfaerber	perl-date-time	0	No specific role
cfaerber	perl-sys-ldap	1	No specific role
cfaerber	ucspi-inet	1	No specific role
cfaerber	color-calc	1	No specific role
cfaerber	openxp	0	Developer
cfaerber	ntvdm	1	Project Manager
cfaerber	ezman	1	No specific role
cfaerber	mediawiki-perl	1	No specific role
cfaerber	net-idn-encode	1	No specific role
cfaerber	nat-ipchgd	1	No specific role
cfairbanks	avian	0	Developer
cfaj	cruciverbalizer	1	No specific role
cfalonso	zentrack	0	Developer
cfanzfr	uno-pmc	1	No specific role
cfaucher	qtrend	1	No specific role
cfaucher	ludistes	1	Developer
cfaulknor	swms	1	No specific role
cfaurer	openoss	0	No specific role
cfavreau	pgmfi	0	Developer
cfbenke	jacquard	1	No specific role
cfcassidy	pocketwarrior	0	Developer
cfcdn	francefe	0	Developer
cfchris6	projectsofi	1	No specific role
cfcubed	mytelly	0	Developer
cfdavid	cfmssqladmin	0	Developer
cfedermann	collective	0	No specific role
cfeilmeier	phonemodeler	0	Developer
cfelaco	cbrowser	1	No specific role
cfelde	blueme	1	Project Manager
cfelde	peerecho	1	No specific role
cfelde	svgwt	1	No specific role
cfelton	usbp	1	Developer
cfelton	lpcusb	0	Developer
cfelton	pyembc	1	No specific role
cfelton	jtagtools	0	Developer
cfelton	iclass	1	No specific role
cferdi	mapedit	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
cferg	coc-cards	1	No specific role
cfg2html_aix	cfg2html	1	No specific role
cfgirona	php-ads	0	No specific role
cfgoozy	fckeditor	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cfhq	php-q3rcon	1	No specific role
cfiegel	satineproject	0	Developer
cfierer11	gravitysim	1	Developer
cfillot	dyna-gen	0	Developer
cfis	swig	0	Developer
cfishy	fileangel	0	No specific role
cfjedimaster	openxcf	1	No specific role
cfjedimaster	blogcfc	1	No specific role
cfkaran2	cocoa-units	1	All-Hands Person
cfl	redoubt	1	No specific role
cfl	midori	1	Developer
cflaat	msbuildex	1	Developer
cflaig	parfe	0	Developer
cflan	phpboxstats	1	No specific role
cflanag	vbsmallamp	1	No specific role
cflat	portalpartdeux	1	No specific role
cfleischer	jsynoptic	0	No specific role
cfletcher	fg-server	0	Developer
cflorinel	myphpnewsreader	1	No specific role
cfloutier	controlmfd	1	No specific role
cflowerday	galeon	1	Developer
cflyer	jbhl	1	No specific role
cflynt	tcl	0	No specific role
cfm1	jhotdraw	0	Developer
cfmfluit	aperture	1	Project Manager
cfmiller3	magnus	0	Developer
cfmoro_	histologyatlas	1	No specific role
cfn	scam	0	No specific role
cfoesch	vpcalc	1	No specific role
cfoesch	sig9	1	Developer
cfoesch	pearpc	1	Developer
cfopen	cfopen	1	No specific role
cforce	jmbase	0	Developer
cforgeleader	cforge	1	Developer
cforgeleader	cxuml	1	No specific role
cforler	libadacrypt-dev	1	No specific role
cforrester	opentraffic	1	Developer
cfortin	onboardc	0	Developer
cfoster01	tahoe	0	Developer
cfourgou	arnold	0	Developer
cfourier	clocc	0	No specific role
cfourier	dcos	1	No specific role
cfowler	winston	0	No specific role
cfp	goblin2	1	No specific role
cfpete	cfsites	0	No specific role
cfphp	cfphp	1	No specific role
cfragoso	his	0	Developer
cfrancisco	gasteroids	0	No specific role
cfrank	admgr	1	Project Manager
cfrank	routemgr	1	No specific role
cfrankb	ubs-spectacular	1	Project Manager
cfranz	blazelist	0	Developer
cfranz	lwp	0	Developer
cfraz89	cel	0	Developer
cfraz89	automanic	1	Developer
cfrazier	mastrbsp2003	0	Developer
cfrb	supercollider	0	Developer
cfreak200	codernet-cpp	0	Developer
cfreak2399	serve	1	No specific role
cfrean	jumpstart	0	Doc Writer
cfreeze	archimedes	1	Project Manager
cfreeze	tikiwiki	0	Developer
cfremgen	synce	0	Developer
cfrezksa	openqvis	1	Project Manager
cfriacas	isisd	0	Tester
cfriberg	harc	0	Developer
cfricke	kcommanderqt3	1	Developer
cfricke	kcdcover	1	Developer
cfricke	unigraphic	1	Developer
cfricke2	unigraphic	0	Developer
cfriedle	open-ms	0	Developer
cfriedt	javahi	1	No specific role
cfriedt	gmodel	1	No specific role
cfriedt	gtkmake	1	No specific role
cfriedt	m3u2d	1	No specific role
cfriedt	wemerge	1	No specific role
cfrost	scord	1	No specific role
cfrost	mswatch	1	No specific role
cfrowe	mudlin	0	No specific role
cfrunzke	boologic	1	All-Hands Person
cfsandoval	tarea	1	No specific role
cfsj	datamodel	1	Project Manager
cfsj	cese	0	Developer
cfsj	mysitemaker	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
cfsmp3	ccextractor	1	No specific role
cfsmp3	im-snif	1	No specific role
cfsnook	rodin-b-sharp	0	No specific role
cfuchs_sf	tmk	1	Project Manager
cfunk	raistlin	1	Developer
cfuzes	formhammer	0	Developer
cfwiz	woodi	0	Developer
cfxmarvin	java-game-lib	0	No specific role
cfynn	thdltools	1	Developer
cfynn	dzongkha	0	Tester
cf_chevy	boardfusion	0	Developer
cf_ed	boardfusion	0	Developer
cf_matt	cfsites	1	No specific role
cf_tof	boardfusion	0	Developer
cg-joebar	thunderpigeon	0	Developer
cg0503	phpsiteedit	1	No specific role
cg1network	thegame06	1	No specific role
cg4ie	cg4ie	1	No specific role
cgabi	synreader	1	No specific role
cgabi	radiomaster	1	All-Hands Person
cgabriel	scrollkeeper	0	No specific role
cgabriel	gant	0	No specific role
cgabriel	zpopyda	0	Developer
cgabrysch	vetclientdb	0	Analysis / Design
cgalisteo	imat	1	No specific role
cgalisteo	gprss	1	Project Manager
cgallen	opennms	0	Developer
cgallen	openoss	1	Distributor/Promoter
cgalpin	t7e	1	Developer
cgalpin	xamtools	1	Developer
cgalpin	xamnet	1	Developer
cgamesplay	qwelve	1	No specific role
cgamesplay	mmrts	1	No specific role
cgamsu	soapanywhere	0	Developer
cgangelim	timezonepatch	1	All-Hands Person
cgar1136	tfunctionparser	1	Project Manager
cgarcia	roboweb	1	No specific role
cgarvey	blitzmessenger	1	No specific role
cgarwood	pedro	0	Developer
cgaspoz	marmix	1	No specific role
cgastineau	lemonolap	1	Project Manager
cgavar	openmi	0	No specific role
cgavin	vtcl	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
cgavrilidis	northpoint	0	Project Manager
cgaylord	gnuplot	1	Project Manager
cgbahpla	cgb	1	No specific role
cgc	boost	0	Developer
cgc	zdb	1	No specific role
cgclusters	cgclusters	1	No specific role
cgdave	webfilebrowser	1	Developer
cgeb	moon-buggy	1	No specific role
cgehrke	xsldb	1	No specific role
cgempire	cge-community1	1	No specific role
cgeorges	quashems	1	No specific role
cgerlach	ultimatego	0	No specific role
cgershen	rbn	1	No specific role
cgershen	rans	1	No specific role
cgershen	morevts	0	Developer
cgervaise	wxvrml	0	Developer
cgg007	tdns-conv	0	Developer
cghiban	joramon	0	Developer
cghiban	darkbytes	0	Developer
cghjudo	cghjudo	1	No specific role
cgi	ussr	1	No specific role
cgijobs	nlfet	1	No specific role
cgijobs	felt	0	Developer
cgili	golemweb	1	No specific role
cgimax	jmrssreader	1	No specific role
cgiussani	dbtcp	1	No specific role
cgiussani	leaf	0	Developer
cgiussani	udpproxy	0	Developer
cgi_chris	wpigdc-cms	0	Developer
cgjung	offspring	1	No specific role
cgk-vf	ct8k	1	No specific role
cgkeenan	net-monitor	1	No specific role
cgl_guardian	multistat	1	No specific role
cgm8	d4j	1	No specific role
cgm8	p4j	1	No specific role
cgmathew	indic-computing	0	Developer
cgmonroe	torque-addons	1	No specific role
cgnoerlich	dvdisaster	1	No specific role
cgoddard	ibad	1	Project Manager
cgodefroy	qtkit	1	Developer
cgoern	iris	1	No specific role
cgoern	b4wbem	0	All-Hands Person
cgoerner	tuxpaint-au	1	No specific role
cgoerner	karra	1	Project Manager
cgoerner	schoolreports	1	No specific role
cgoerner	saschoolsopencd	0	No specific role
cgoldberg	jmontools	1	No specific role
cgoldberg	webinject	1	No specific role
cgoldberg	pymeter	1	No specific role
cgoldfarb	game-standards	0	Developer
cgommel	dockdotnet	1	Doc Writer
cgonzalez	ltsp-thinadmin	1	No specific role
cgosselin	plogweb	1	No specific role
cgosselin	yasf	1	No specific role
cgouiran	zfm	1	No specific role
cgp	datadaemon	1	No specific role
cgp	pas2h	1	No specific role
cgpadmin	thegame	1	Unix Admin
cgpcosmad	tntconcept	0	Developer
cgprof	cgprof	1	No specific role
cgraefe	vpa	0	Developer
cgraf1	linux-q40	1	Project Manager
cgranade	libhid	1	No specific role
cgranade	cs-sdl	0	Developer
cgranell	incubator-52n	0	Developer
cgranell	core-52n	0	Developer
cgratzer	yasd	1	All-Hands Person
cgrawls	jadvisor	1	Developer
cgray4	ratpoison	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
cgreene	wakm	0	Developer
cgreenhalgh	replaytool	1	Project Manager
cgreenhalgh	mygrid-uk	0	No specific role
cgreenhalgh	taverna	0	Developer
cgreenhalgh	massive3	1	No specific role
cgreenhalgh	equip	1	No specific role
cgreenhalgh	thedrs	1	Project Manager
cgreenlee	objectbridge	0	Developer
cgreer	acd	0	Developer
cgregors	algernon	1	No specific role
cgremakes	openbor	0	Developer
cgrigis	waba	0	Developer
cgrim21	scbbs	1	No specific role
cgrim29588	boardzillabbs	1	Project Manager
cgrim29588	fireflybbs	1	No specific role
cgrinds	ca3	1	Project Manager
cgrobi	resmedicinae	0	Developer
cgrohmann	open1x	0	Developer
cgrohmann	ppqwiki	0	Developer
cgroom	gjay	1	No specific role
cgross	hr4u	0	Tester
cgrossman	freepm	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
cgroth	falmaidan	1	No specific role
cgroth	xhalma	1	No specific role
cgroves	jython	1	Developer
cgrubbs	cogkit	0	Developer
cgruber	civ4mods	1	All-Hands Person
cgruber	wotonomy	1	Project Manager
cgruber	objektiva	1	Developer
cgruber	sqlelements	1	Developer
cgtobix	cgkit	0	Tester
cgtobix	aqsis	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
cgty	integrate4	1	Developer
cgu	log4j	1	No specific role
cguard	linkmech	1	No specific role
cguardia	escoba15	1	Developer
cguehler	kvwmap	0	Developer
cguilloux	gendiapo	1	Project Manager
cgul	ksoap2	1	Developer
cgunia	freak427	1	No specific role
cgunning	boingowifitool	1	Project Manager
cguru	gnomo	1	No specific role
cguru	jspblog	1	No specific role
cgutjahr	diropus4	1	Doc Writer
cguy	sharpbot	0	Developer
cgw0863	duknetframework	1	No specific role
cgyg9330	aplaws	0	Developer
cg_gu	esim	0	Developer
ch-ivorra	society	1	Project Manager
ch-kaufhold	jaxodraw	0	Developer
ch-world	servermin	1	Developer
ch-world	node	1	Developer
ch00k	filesearch	0	Developer
ch0ke	xoops	0	Developer
ch0mik	sysobwn	1	No specific role
ch0pstik	mpos	1	No specific role
ch0pstik	sfortzfolio	1	No specific role
ch1979	universibo	0	No specific role
ch209402	ouoss	0	Developer
ch3fkoch	klinarch	1	No specific role
ch3mi0n	egg-fu	1	Developer
ch3mi0n	unnamed-rpg	1	Project Manager
ch3oh	xmlworks	1	Developer
ch424	ajaxoffice	0	Developer
ch4chiperriman	gtksnippets	1	No specific role
ch4nge	instapot	1	No specific role
ch4nge	instafw	1	No specific role
ch4nge	biatchux	1	No specific role
ch9tmb	rts-organiser	0	No specific role
cha0s4u	onlinecinema	0	Developer
cha0smaster	linux-ntfs	0	Developer
chaa006	ukhyphen	1	Project Manager
chaac	fte	0	Developer
chaac	ethernut	0	Developer
chaas	drinkandtrack	0	Developer
chaase	ebxmlrr	0	Doc Writer
chabaud	swsusp	1	Project Manager
chabaud	zenfact	1	No specific role
chabbrik	faultor	1	Developer
chabil	xprotector	0	Developer
chabr	pblang	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
chac00	onecmdb	0	Developer
chaced	cnewsletter	1	No specific role
chacham15	gamescrafters	0	No specific role
chachanne84	easyp2p	0	Developer
chackal_sjc	ebano	1	Developer
chackal_sjc	tecnotel	1	No specific role
chackn	run68	0	Developer
chacro	simtraffic3d	1	Developer
chad--	rpg-knight	1	No specific role
chad--	dlccg	1	No specific role
chad-chud	bnw	0	Developer
chad3f	arianne	0	Developer
chadam	vrsmultiview	1	No specific role
chadauld	customer-touch	0	Developer
chadauld	rrd	1	Project Manager
chadauld	mambo	1	Project Manager
chadauld	mambo-es	1	Project Manager
chadbryant	premis	1	Developer
chadclan	nsound	0	Developer
chaddelecia	rdpop3d	1	No specific role
chadfowler	raasucc	1	No specific role
chadfowler	rdoc	0	No specific role
chadfowler	rubyx	1	Project Manager
chadfowler	syndirella	0	Developer
chadh	reefknot	0	No specific role
chadhurley	notable	1	No specific role
chadj	urlrewrite	1	No specific role
chadjohnson	alethia	1	No specific role
chadjohnson	aletheia	1	No specific role
chadk3	univmaps	0	Developer
chadlion	transit-net	0	Developer
chadlocke311	ou-cs442-542	0	Developer
chadnorvell	mosaicengine	1	No specific role
chadpreisler	edukate	1	No specific role
chadrosen	testlink	1	Project Manager
chadsmith	tclweb	0	No specific role
chadteck	smo	1	Project Manager
chadth	bobsd	1	Developer
chadwickdi	jetstream	0	Developer
chadyoshikawa	galaxy	1	No specific role
chadyoshikawa	dhq	1	Developer
chad_l	python6201	1	Project Manager
chaebi	sendipservice	0	Developer
chaeron	embedlets	0	Developer
chaeron	ebxmlrr	0	Developer
chaese	informixdb	1	All-Hands Person
chaese	freecoins	1	Developer
chaese	abchr	1	No specific role
chaese	palmcoins	0	Developer
chafing	meta-jb	0	Developer
chaghi	sigefi	1	Project Manager
chagkiran	capsule	0	Developer
chahn_l	muxi	1	No specific role
chahn_l	mid2ly	1	No specific role
chahn_l	x29	1	No specific role
chahn_l	webqa	1	Project Manager
chahn_l	tvprog	1	Project Manager
chahn_l	jayray	1	No specific role
chahn_l	jaypan	1	No specific role
chahn_l	jayvoxel	1	No specific role
chahn_wice	w2g	1	No specific role
chaica	fcatcher	1	No specific role
chaichai	openeducation	0	No specific role
chaidb	chaidb	1	Project Manager
chaikorn	miktexthai	1	Project Manager
chaikorn	dictwin32	1	No specific role
chaimnus	svgdomcsharp	0	No specific role
chaim_sanders	proj-simulator	1	No specific role
chain83	criticalsupply	0	Graphic/Other Designer
chaincranker	egstank	0	Developer
chainfire	peass	1	No specific role
chainfire	igass	1	No specific role
chainq	freepascal	0	Developer
chainq	morphosambient	0	Developer
chainreaction	cre-osc-loaded	1	All-Hands Person
chainsawmcgraw	noitulover	1	No specific role
chainsword	coltoo	0	Developer
chainsword	emailproxy	1	No specific role
chainsword	amphetaserver	1	No specific role
chainyaw	typerighter	1	No specific role
chaircrusher	hdniqctool	0	Project Manager
chaitannya	wow	1	No specific role
chaitanyaa_v	sojourner	0	Developer
chaitanya_syd	prjfreedom	0	Developer
chaitra	hoplugins	0	Developer
chaitramg	csql	0	Developer
chaits	cuttingedge	1	Project Manager
chaits	sna-os	0	Developer
chaits123	jeclipse	1	Project Manager
chaits123	junter	1	All-Hands Person
chaits123	nightscreamer	1	All-Hands Person
chaitu_sf_net	jtutor	0	Developer
chait_desh	sinecure	1	No specific role
chaiwat	vams	1	No specific role
chak	ghc	0	No specific role
chakal_19	rotdteam	0	Developer
chakal_br	fortune-mod-sec	0	No specific role
chakatodd	rtat	1	Developer
chakie	nodes	1	No specific role
chakie	panzers	1	No specific role
chakie	civil	1	Developer
chakie	mediacube	1	No specific role
chakie	zombie	1	No specific role
chakkerz	naiv	1	No specific role
chakkrit	rssradar	1	Developer
chakradeo	phpjukebox	1	No specific role
chakradeo	phortify	0	No specific role
chakradeo	blorp	1	No specific role
chakras	lincast	1	No specific role
chakrit_	memorialcd	1	Developer
chakri_g	linux-iscsi	1	Developer
chaldon	zeph3d	0	Developer
chale	tennisstats	1	No specific role
chalia75	dynamic3d	0	Developer
chalia75	simrtk	0	Developer
chalia75	sonomap	0	Developer
chalia75	phpsitesolution	0	All-Hands Person
chalin	jmlspecs	1	Developer
chalin	multijava	0	Developer
chalkie666	bioimagexd	1	No specific role
chalko	bikini	1	No specific role
chalko	antworks	1	Developer
chalko	barcode4j	1	Project Manager
chalko	jcharts	1	Project Manager
chalko	peepagg	1	No specific role
chalko	metamorphosis	1	All-Hands Person
chalko	krysalis	1	All-Hands Person
chalko	chalktools	1	Project Manager
challge	zoeslibcpp	1	No specific role
challge	opendbx	1	No specific role
challgren	awesome	1	All-Hands Person
challgren	multijournal	1	No specific role
challgren	redirect	1	No specific role
challgren	gcdbreloaded	1	No specific role
challgren	gcdb	0	Developer
chalsall	opencvucl	1	Project Manager
chalsall	lbproject	0	All-Hands Person
chamaeleon879	ifsync	1	No specific role
chamanex	sqlitevbadmin	1	No specific role
chamarti	jador	1	No specific role
chamathg	sahana	0	Tester
chamathk	sinhala	0	Developer
chamathk	kadiya	1	No specific role
chambas	bingo	1	No specific role
chambawamba12	jmorph	1	Developer
chambers	abc	1	No specific role
chambery	blackink	1	No specific role
chambery	envelopalator	0	No specific role
chambery	zclipse	1	Developer
chambery	useless	0	No specific role
chambery	otgforum	0	Project Manager
chambm	vmc-msrc	1	No specific role
chameau-bleu	chocotree	0	Project Manager
chamelaeon	gmirc	1	No specific role
chameleon	wf-gdk	0	No specific role
chameleon2006	ldede	1	No specific role
chameleon201	orbital	1	Web Designer
chamibang	uddp	0	Developer
chamindra	sahana	1	Project Manager
chamindra	taprobane	0	Developer
chamindu	vizerwebserver	0	Developer
chami_aida	siragi	0	Developer
chami_widad	siragi	0	Developer
chamjay	greensocs	0	No specific role
chammer	gimp-plug-ins	0	Developer
chammer	chammer	1	Project Manager
chammer	jbug	1	No specific role
chammer	jbugzilla	1	No specific role
chammer	javatex	1	No specific role
chamoine	warok	0	No specific role
chamorro_j	creya	0	Developer
champagn	madsserv	0	Tester
champi	game-tracker	0	Developer
champim	tarotux	0	Developer
champion	graysky	1	Developer
champo	aquamacs	0	Developer
champoll	lambdacalc	1	No specific role
champs	twikiplugins	0	Developer
champs	gnubis	0	Developer
champs	myproxy	1	Project Manager
chamsalang	clickthrough	0	No specific role
chan12	abrg-brahms	0	Developer
chan12	label	1	No specific role
chan12	mpeg7ease	1	No specific role
chan12	phase	1	No specific role
chan4850	vbcirclemud	1	No specific role
chanaka_sf	heesara	1	Unix Admin
chanan	infiniband	0	Developer
chananut	cuaoffice	0	Developer
chanben	scifi-showdown	1	All-Hands Person
chancewang	ebw	1	No specific role
chanchullo	underthecarpet	1	Project Manager
chanchullo	stegogo	1	No specific role
chancing	projectr	0	No specific role
chand51	jabbersms	0	Developer
chandanbn	h3d	1	No specific role
chandang	manyfold	1	No specific role
chandanr	anigraff	1	Developer
chandanr	chaos-anarchist	0	No specific role
chandan_m	uaid	1	No specific role
chandi	tikiwiki	0	Developer
chandi	phroom	0	Developer
chandler	lifelines	0	No specific role
chandler	newbasic	0	Developer
chandlerc	inc	1	No specific role
chandlerc	ideproject	1	Developer
chandlerc	rcons	1	No specific role
chandon	libgcrypt-py	1	No specific role
chandone	linux-diag	1	Developer
chandone	stapgui	1	Project Manager
chandra4u	chandra	1	No specific role
chandrab	radioactive	0	Developer
chandraka	metatemplate	1	No specific role
chandrasaurabh	bharatsahitya	1	No specific role
chandrashekharn	odf-converter	0	Tester
chandrasing	resty	1	No specific role
chandrau	conserv	1	No specific role
chandrusf	jungerl	1	Developer
chandru_in	jdownz	1	No specific role
chandshy	qmconsole	1	Project Manager
chandu	jude	0	No specific role
chand_9999	whiz	1	Developer
chaneilfhios	htstring	1	Developer
chanezgr	phpmonannuaire	1	No specific role
chanezon	goog-ad-api-cli	1	Developer
chanezon	goog-adapi-cs	1	No specific role
chanezon	goog-adapi-perl	1	No specific role
chanezon	goog-adapi-py	1	No specific role
chang888	nescc	0	Developer
chang888	tinyos	0	Developer
chang8ling	polyphony	0	Developer
changchulsang	fluorescence	0	No specific role
changcn	datcoll	1	No specific role
changedearth	nime	1	Web Designer
changelog	cyclebot	0	Doc Writer
changelog	evilnet	0	Doc Writer
changelog	feds	0	Doc Writer
changeness	creen	0	Developer
changerlove	xoopschina	0	Developer
changfs	benefit	1	Developer
changliu	xml-node	1	Project Manager
changliu	testtalk	1	No specific role
changliu	ou-cs442-542	1	Project Manager
changliu	ouoss	1	Project Manager
changliu	ran	1	Project Manager
changp	cuhal	0	Developer
changrongji	glorp	0	No specific role
changrp	promatch-proj	1	Developer
changsmbt	changsmbt	1	No specific role
changtanlu	daoctotalsound	1	Project Manager
changwufei	php-blogit	1	No specific role
changx	rssradar	1	No specific role
changyj	pim	1	No specific role
changyujian	perinfomanager	1	No specific role
changyz	plug	1	Developer
changyz	ascend	0	Developer
changz	flora	1	Developer
chang_yuan	david-ddm	1	Doc Writer
chanh	coaddons	1	Developer
chanio	bol	1	Project Manager
chankarheng	mkmk	1	No specific role
chankwanting	oorpg	0	No specific role
chanley	numpy	0	Developer
chanlo	corbatrace	0	Developer
chanlo	phplib	0	Developer
chanm	vxl	0	No specific role
channan1	aistockbot	0	Developer
channex	ogre	0	No specific role
channingwalton	eclipsewiki	1	Project Manager
channingwalton	eclipse-metrics	0	No specific role
channingwalton	moreunit	0	Developer
channy	mozillakr	1	No specific role
chanop	libthai	0	Developer
chanpt	nwrocig	0	Developer
chanshuikay	ataraxia	0	Developer
chanshuikay	belot	0	No specific role
chansson	opencourt	1	No specific role
chantalis	evalon	0	Developer
chantal_petit	newleda	0	Developer
chantks	ilogbook	0	Developer
chantra	borf	1	No specific role
chantra_debuntu	gsaidar	1	No specific role
chanus	ataraxis	0	Developer
chanvw	joff	1	Developer
chanyz	foicq	1	Developer
chan_316	mamook	0	Developer
chan_sun	ipf-orc	1	Developer
chan_sun	open64	0	Developer
chaocai	rweaklink	0	No specific role
chaofengwang	tcpipsim	1	No specific role
chaopsychochick	buildtemplate	0	Developer
chaopsychochick	javasip	0	No specific role
chaopsychochick	javasm	0	Developer
chaos	bttv-v4l2	0	No specific role
chaos-dev	libvalkyrie	1	No specific role
chaos-edge	logix2	0	Developer
chaos325	openmosixloaf	0	Tester
chaosa	chaosa	1	No specific role
chaosaltar	jdfs	1	No specific role
chaoscat	cosmos2	0	Developer
chaosche	tc455fa2005	1	No specific role
chaoscode	openspacegame	0	Developer
chaosdeathfish	volatile-engine	1	Developer
chaosdiener	freecity	0	Developer
chaosego	h-mmorpg	1	Project Manager
chaosfarmer	postanywhere	1	No specific role
chaosknight	telepathfinding	1	Project Manager
chaosknight	kaoticworld	1	No specific role
chaosrealm	tinyos	0	Developer
chaossoldier	openarchmage	1	Tester
chaossyn12	chaosahamut	1	No specific role
chaostefan	p-a-t-h	1	Developer
chaostik	getvars	1	No specific role
chaostime	epikoinono	1	No specific role
chaosuk	verlihub	1	Developer
chaosuk	molotovplusplus	1	Developer
chaoswarrior	l2j-c2datapack	1	Project Manager
chaoswars	newsraper	1	No specific role
chaoswizard	replayerstudio	1	No specific role
chaos_cmc	cmc	1	No specific role
chaos_inc	servermin	0	Developer
chaos_maker	cgbrpg	1	Project Manager
chaos_particle	sigcomp	1	Developer
chaos_theorem	zen	0	Graphic/Other Designer
chaos_theory	flagrun	1	Developer
chaotarch	clanmanager	1	Project Manager
chaotcspidrmnky	isotopatcalc	0	Developer
chaotica	jarnet	1	Project Manager
chaotica	theendlesspit	0	Developer
chaoticfury	netmanga	0	Web Designer
chaoticgalen	taverna	0	Developer
chaoticgalen	equip	0	Developer
chaotico	neverlandgame	0	Developer
chaotico	trs-project	1	No specific role
chaoticpeace	zanebug	0	Developer
chaoticpeace	querycommander	0	Developer
chaoticpeace	codus	0	Developer
chaoticpeace	adapdev	0	Developer
chaoticpeace	nteam	0	Project Manager
chaoticpeace	silverback	1	No specific role
chaoticpup	tpapro	1	No specific role
chaoticpup	tpflashfiler	1	No specific role
chaoticpup	tpbtreefiler	1	No specific role
chaoticpup	tpessence	1	No specific role
chaoticpup	tpabbrevia	1	No specific role
chaoticpup	tpshellshock	1	No specific role
chaoticpup	tpsrmgr	0	No specific role
chaoticpup	tpsystools	1	No specific role
chaoticpup	tporpheus	1	No specific role
chaoticpup	tponguard	1	No specific role
chaoticpup	tpofficepartner	1	No specific role
chaoticpup	tpvplanit	1	No specific role
chaoticpup	tplockbox	1	No specific role
chaoticpup	tpaproclx	1	No specific role
chaoticresolve	lightracker	1	No specific role
chaoticsilence	eveningstar	1	No specific role
chaotikmind	kreator	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
chaotix	wumi	0	No specific role
chaozer	snoopium	0	Developer
chaozer	morphosambient	0	Developer
chap	xres4j	1	No specific role
chap	sxmmil	1	No specific role
chapaev	rmt-installer	1	Developer
chapaev	qcreatevob	1	No specific role
chapeti	ciberkuentas2	1	No specific role
chapi-de	xoops	0	Developer
chapin_n	epita-scc	1	No specific role
chapman	rp4maya	1	Project Manager
chapoton	mupad-combinat	0	Developer
chapparal	keepass	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
chappelier	libit	1	Project Manager
chappelier	fame	1	Project Manager
chappell	ppr	1	Project Manager
chappell	lablock	1	Developer
chappies	kricketsb	1	Developer
chappies	kolabwebclient	1	Developer
chappychaps11	ipchat	0	Developer
chapslevrai	slptk	1	No specific role
chapsrulez	binbo	1	Project Manager
chapuis_grame	libmusicxml	0	Developer
chapuis_grame	libaudiostream	0	No specific role
chapuis_grame	guidolib	0	Developer
char0n	pastebin	1	No specific role
char1	cube42sysframe	0	Developer
char1y	petidomo	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
charact3r	hdot264	1	No specific role
charalambos	jcows	1	Developer
charamuga	jpmf	1	All-Hands Person
charamuga	xito	0	Developer
charbal	tufour	1	No specific role
charbel81	tipcon1	0	Developer
charbel81	rtp-text-t140	0	Developer
charbel81	t140-pres	0	Developer
charbelgereige	aafreet	1	No specific role
charbelkhawaja	agorae	0	No specific role
charbile	luciditygkit	0	No specific role
charbl	heroarena	1	Developer
charchi	atomicpa	1	No specific role
charchi	cronosched	1	No specific role
charcoal	gnomesword	1	Project Manager
chardin	psp	1	No specific role
charf	fmorg	0	Developer
charfoun	komunio	0	Requirements Engineering
charibou	gabe	1	No specific role
charisma	tyro	1	No specific role
charisma	wisdom	1	No specific role
charkins	wmappl	1	No specific role
charkins	envelopt	1	No specific role
charky	sprite2d	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
charlax	appr	1	No specific role
charleliujcn	esim	1	Developer
charlemagneii	prospero	1	Developer
charlene1030	atlantissoft	1	Developer
charlene_80	viscon	1	No specific role
charlene_hu	wwwd	0	No specific role
charlene_tsai	vxl	0	No specific role
charles	nfs	0	No specific role
charles-andre	pcbsd	0	Developer
charles-andre	ecco	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
charles1999	rss-code	1	No specific role
charles256	php-mat-lib	1	No specific role
charles44944	mallet	1	Developer
charles7926	xwordarchiver	1	No specific role
charles8854	opensourcevotng	1	No specific role
charles888	tomcatbook	0	Doc Writer
charlesbarouch	movecms	1	Project Manager
charlesbauerbr	relmail	1	No specific role
charlesblaxland	mnemosyne	1	No specific role
charlesbou	mathou	0	No specific role
charlescarrol	ftp-web-server	1	No specific role
charlesclloyd	wonder	0	Developer
charlescloutier	oshockey	1	No specific role
charlesfox	abrg-brahms	0	Developer
charlesg	bb4scripts	1	Developer
charlesg	wput	1	No specific role
charlesgrn	lurel	1	No specific role
charlesherdt	s2ilib	1	Project Manager
charleshunt	nimesweeper	1	No specific role
charlesiii3	biztools	1	No specific role
charleski	megui	1	Developer
charleslee	bgssj	1	No specific role
charlesleeds	gmemorize	1	No specific role
charleslenerd	ucomp	0	Web Designer
charlesm2k	r4000	1	No specific role
charlesm2k	king-pro	1	Developer
charlesmartin	aaf	0	Developer
charlesmcallist	codewrench	1	No specific role
charlesnw	chicago	1	Project Manager
charlesnw	morphix	0	Developer
charlesnw	oser	1	Project Manager
charlespsnl	netstate	0	Developer
charlesrkingcs	sbqinstall	0	Developer
charlesrkingcs	esteem	0	Developer
charlesrkingcs	demoguardfree	1	No specific role
charlestolman	edl2aaf	1	No specific role
charlesw	nighttask	1	No specific role
charlesw	xmlprocfs	1	Web Designer
charlesw	fscvs	1	No specific role
charlesw23	secure-suite	1	All-Hands Person
charleswang1	readparameter	1	No specific role
charlesweir	symbianosunit	1	All-Hands Person
charleswong	hypatiadb	0	Developer
charlesy	nodal	0	Developer
charles_brandt	filesift	1	No specific role
charles_casadei	rendertux	1	Project Manager
charles_chan	hr-xsl	1	No specific role
charles_lin	viper-toolkit	0	Developer
charles_lobo	vx-cvshook	1	No specific role
charles_manning	lejos	1	Developer
charles_pereira	deliverer	1	No specific role
charles_pereira	jpap	1	No specific role
charles_xu	open-risc-som	1	No specific role
charley450	lullabye	0	Developer
charlez	gime	0	No specific role
charlie-pspde	pspde	1	Developer
charlie137	helvinspacetrip	1	No specific role
charlie183	janetceramiche	1	No specific role
charlie183	janethd	1	No specific role
charlie184	janetc	1	No specific role
charlie352	uasphere-euo	0	Developer
charlie5	gnuada	0	No specific role
charlieblank	adsllog2web	1	All-Hands Person
charlieblank	wincfgtracker	1	Project Manager
charliebrady	smecontribs	1	Developer
charliebrady	smeserver	1	Developer
charliec	gimcrack	1	Developer
charliecate	wordcorr	0	Developer
charliedurrant	webflowcharter	1	No specific role
charliedurrant	graphrenderer	1	Developer
charliee	bnw	0	Web Designer
charliegeeza	scourge	0	No specific role
charliegeeza	supertux	1	No specific role
charliegeeza	xwt-services	1	All-Hands Person
charliegeeza	xwt	1	No specific role
charlieh	armagetronad	0	Developer
charlieh	armagetron	0	No specific role
charliehubbard	lodi	1	No specific role
charliehubbard	pygmy-httpd	1	No specific role
charliepete	jasis	1	No specific role
charliepoole	nunit-ext	0	Developer
charliepoole	nunit	1	Developer
charliepoole	nunitforms	1	Developer
charliepoole	vsunit	1	No specific role
charlierby	fenggui	1	Project Manager
charlierepetti	sdcc-sdb	1	No specific role
charlierose	phorminx	0	Developer
charlietaylor	python2xlw	1	No specific role
charlietaylor	tk-happy	1	No specific role
charlie_	quip	1	Developer
charlie_	stem	1	Developer
charlie_li	skyftp	1	No specific role
charlie_t	openfirst	0	Developer
charlix	charlix	1	No specific role
charlotte	formcat	0	Editorial/Content Writer
charlottefuller	ed-galleries	1	No specific role
charlse	springside	0	Developer
charlton_b	wsbpeltc	0	No specific role
charlus	kstockticker	1	No specific role
charlvn	fidelis	1	Project Manager
charlvn	jetirc	1	No specific role
charlvn	zaf	1	No specific role
charlvn	translate	0	Developer
charly26	shortcut-design	1	Project Manager
charly4711	xvidcap	1	No specific role
charly80	battleoelements	1	Developer
charlybr	phpssql	1	No specific role
charlybuntu	j2me-txteditor	1	No specific role
charlycoste	eduquizzphp	1	No specific role
charlydoes	xbmc	0	Developer
charlyliu	cjl	1	No specific role
charlysworld	jooda	1	No specific role
charlysworld	vainstall	0	Developer
charlyvig	msdviewer	1	No specific role
charly_sun	microhfide	1	No specific role
charlz	openls	1	No specific role
charlz	dproofreaders	0	Developer
charlzard	fiswidgets	0	Developer
charming_arpit	sql2java	0	No specific role
charmmgui	charmmgui	1	No specific role
charmy-cdc	charmy	1	No specific role
charn89	mocca	1	No specific role
charn89	monotask	1	No specific role
charn89	fvm	1	Developer
charndeep	unifighter	0	Doc Writer
charnelraven	nfeed	1	No specific role
charnooh	scrub	1	Developer
charnos	cplproject	0	No specific role
charon317	charonsecurity	1	No specific role
charotar	gujarati-tts	1	No specific role
charoy	motu	1	Project Manager
charpi	erlide	0	Tester
charrea6	dvbstreamer	1	Developer
charred	ath5	1	No specific role
charruaware	dedito	0	Project Manager
charshman	trantor	1	No specific role
chartjes	rephlux	0	No specific role
chartsw	feedcms	1	No specific role
charvas	oo-sk	0	Developer
charveb	footballwebdb	1	No specific role
charvey	racemanager	0	Developer
charvey08109	cofax	0	Developer
charvey08109	cofaxsdp	0	Developer
char_sample	dnssec-tools	1	Developer
chas3	linux-atm	1	Project Manager
chasalos	r-genetics	1	Developer
chasconway	virtuallab	1	Unix Admin
chasdouglass	empire	1	Developer
chasenet_game	chasenet-game	1	No specific role
chasetec	jdbfs	1	No specific role
chaska	phplib	1	Developer
chasmoe	rune	1	Project Manager
chasm_und_chade	lottasophie	0	Developer
chasonh	freepm	0	Analysis / Design
chasonr	spanish-nethack	1	No specific role
chasparsons	dwengine	0	Developer
chasparsons	javatraininglog	1	No specific role
chasrmartin	otas	1	No specific role
chass_	thiefscriptse	1	Developer
chastang	curatordb	1	Developer
chastell	civicrm	1	No specific role
chastine	videowrapper	0	Developer
chastonp	pcidms	1	No specific role
chastonp	d20tools	1	Developer
chastonp	dragonden	1	No specific role
chastonp	empire5tools	1	Developer
chasylee	hyperic-hq	1	Developer
chatak	ihstap	1	All-Hands Person
chatak	tmissuetracker	1	No specific role
chatelao	php-addressbook	1	No specific role
chatflat	cybermirc	1	No specific role
chatfox	chatfox	1	No specific role
chathra	sahana	0	Developer
chatntrade	hyperorderjni	1	No specific role
chatocean	vngwebmail	1	Developer
chatreesang	neurogrid	0	Developer
chatry_o	iris3d	1	No specific role
chatserv	bbto1cms	1	Developer
chatserv	nukepatched	1	Project Manager
chatserv	nukesql	1	No specific role
chatserv	one-cms	1	Developer
chatsky	telgo	1	Developer
chatte	linuxorg	0	Graphic/Other Designer
chatterj	keel	1	Developer
chatternet	chatterworld	1	Project Manager
chattertontroll	htdv	1	No specific role
chatura	pettah	0	Developer
chaturang	odquery	0	Developer
chaturang	qstats-net	0	No specific role
chatwyn	website4program	1	No specific role
chaua	fmmorpg	0	No specific role
chaudruc	mplayer	0	Graphic/Other Designer
chaudruc	mump	0	Graphic/Other Designer
chaudruc	xnapster	0	Graphic/Other Designer
chauey	dotnetopensrc	0	Developer
chaul	kindergarten	1	No specific role
chaulet	jslog	0	No specific role
chaulett	javavietnam	0	Developer
chaumecl	stareditor	1	Project Manager
chaunceyt	nukelayout	1	No specific role
chaur_wu	model4lang	1	No specific role
chauser	mason-cm	1	Developer
chausler	legatus	0	No specific role
chaussette	chaussette	1	No specific role
chautard	obliquid	0	Developer
chauvat	pydvt	0	Developer
chauvat	gaphor	0	Developer
chauvat	collective	1	Developer
chauvat	archetypes	0	Developer
chauvetp	alphanavbarjstl	1	No specific role
chavan	uipublish	1	No specific role
chavdar	myxms	1	Developer
chavers	opendarkspace	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
chavetech	tt-app	0	Developer
chavetech	ideproject	0	Web Designer
chavezt	audit	1	Developer
chavezt	flames	0	Developer
chavo	e107	0	Developer
chavousc	dcl	0	No specific role
chavvakula	borgworx	0	Developer
chawmp	tinyman	1	Developer
chawu	nesim	1	Developer
chay	medicine	0	Tester
chayim	zesync	1	No specific role
chayos	destructme	1	No specific role
chazan	idiotypicnet	1	Developer
chazmp	novax	0	Developer
chaznet	windows-fonts	1	Project Manager
chazz	pirx	0	Support Technician
chb5	yorick-mb	1	No specific role
chbeer	cm3	0	Developer
chbeurtz	sushiwiki	0	Developer
chbeutenmueller	powl	0	No specific role
chbohl	opensecurepay	1	No specific role
chbr	tf-macros	0	Tester
chch-kiwi	maxview	1	Developer
chch01ae	wsis	0	Developer
chcha	advpy	1	No specific role
chcham	mpip	1	No specific role
chdamm	tcllib	0	Developer
chdf	sigad	0	Developer
chdf	infoteca	0	No specific role
chdh	minitemplator	1	No specific role
chdh	servletviewer	1	No specific role
chdorner	estudy	0	No specific role
chdow	casa	1	No specific role
chdow	glide	1	All-Hands Person
che-4ekuct	trexinc	0	Developer
che0	greybox	1	No specific role
che0	dctcd	1	No specific role
che0	whm	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
che4711	wqueue	1	No specific role
che4711	wvdr	1	No specific role
che5ter	dwain	1	Developer
chead	istar-uidiagram	0	Developer
cheadquarter	yetanotherclib	1	Developer
cheaf-j	webextreme	1	Developer
cheako	tuxnes	0	Developer
chealer	tikiwiki	0	Developer
cheallen	actionscript	1	Developer
cheapbrew	venusmusic	1	No specific role
cheapstuff	forensix	0	Developer
chearius	ijournal-cms	1	No specific role
cheatah	osvhcp	1	No specific role
cheater512	offsystem	0	No specific role
cheater512	vbwebcrawler	1	No specific role
cheater512	neop	0	No specific role
cheatking	easymail	1	No specific role
cheatking	adv-random-gen	0	Tester
cheba	ksyntax	1	No specific role
chebetos	vzlascoutsoftwa	1	No specific role
chebmaster	chepersy	1	No specific role
chebotarev	im-dev	0	Developer
chebur_lnx	csiter	1	No specific role
chebyte	garfio	1	No specific role
chebz	openpanel	1	Project Manager
checco_jt	lemonldap	0	Project Manager
cheche	racevite	1	Developer
cheche1	racevite	1	Project Manager
cheche1	motu	0	Developer
chechenb	cabal	0	Developer
chechu2k5	pythonedit	1	Developer
chechusf	carlos	1	Developer
chechute	weso	0	Project Manager
checkdocsql	checkdocsql	1	No specific role
checklist	tlfc	0	No specific role
checkman	surjey	1	No specific role
checkman1	edittm	1	No specific role
checksum-	decalac	1	No specific role
checksum-	decaldev	1	Developer
checksumcoder	slingboxsdk	1	No specific role
checkup	smbstat	1	No specific role
checkup	jsiebex	1	No specific role
checky	carlix	1	No specific role
chedabob	pd134	1	No specific role
chedlin	sipxtapidotnet	1	Developer
chedong	status-blogger	1	No specific role
chedong	weblucene	1	No specific role
chedong	phpunixman	1	Unix Admin
chee	floppy-1	1	Project Manager
chee-hong	sashimi	0	Developer
cheechq	p6spy	1	Developer
cheekiemunkie	cloud9ine	1	Project Manager
cheekiemunkie	jsystem	1	No specific role
cheekiemunkie	melon	1	No specific role
cheekiemunkie	psychos	1	No specific role
cheekiemunkie	snarlwin	1	No specific role
cheekyboinc	awsome	0	Web Designer
cheeloo	hawkeye	0	No specific role
cheenu	jldapbeans	0	No specific role
cheep19	phpechocms	1	No specific role
cheeqo	advanceserv	0	Web Designer
cheerio	pugwash	0	No specific role
cheerybounce	interceptor1	0	Developer
cheeseballs	cheeseball	1	No specific role
cheeseman	endoshield	1	No specific role
cheesemonger101	jonnyman	1	All-Hands Person
cheeseonrice	parleypro-net	1	No specific role
cheeseonrice	phpphoto	1	No specific role
cheeseonrice	phpwebproxy	0	Developer
cheesestraws	libghli	1	Doc Writer
cheesesucker	aasgard	1	No specific role
cheesethegreat	paperandpencil	0	Developer
cheesmo	nzbclient	1	No specific role
cheet00	utopiatool	0	Developer
cheetah	xtar	1	No specific role
cheetah100	winjab	0	Developer
cheetah100	idxml	1	Developer
cheetah100	idtrans	1	Project Manager
cheetah100	sysmod	1	No specific role
cheetah2003	furionmuck	1	No specific role
cheetahyy	projectr	0	Developer
cheetham14	modular	0	Web Designer
cheetham14	eddie42	1	All-Hands Person
cheewee2000	tiltscreampong	1	No specific role
chef616	netflixaddict	1	No specific role
chef616	jbloglines	1	No specific role
chefax	unixml	1	No specific role
chefax	lusognutella	1	Project Manager
chefbouncer	mechstrategic	0	Developer
chefdelacuisine	tiamo	1	No specific role
cheffeprojects	cheffeprojects	1	No specific role
chefky	jobmanager	0	Developer
chefpo	dazibo	0	Developer
chefpro	qemuctl	1	No specific role
chefsnoopy	stareditor	0	Developer
chefsnoopy	insalugsite	1	No specific role
chef_koch	mediaportal	0	Tester
chef_koch	mp-plugins	0	No specific role
chef_kouki	thunderpigeon	0	Developer
chege	dynsched	1	Developer
chegga	bottor	1	Developer
chegokuru	eyemods	1	No specific role
chehrlic	windbus	0	Developer
chehrlic	kde-cygwin	0	Developer
chehrlic	qtwin	1	Developer
cheisenberg	photolocker	1	No specific role
chejnik	dict-system	1	No specific role
chejnik	hvalur	1	No specific role
chekan0v	ezrus	1	No specific role
chekanov	runmc	1	No specific role
chekanov	jslovo	1	No specific role
chekanov	jehep	1	No specific role
chekovfeeney	cbpms	1	No specific role
chekovfeeney	oscailt	1	Developer
chekroun	nunitaddin2	0	Developer
chelitofm	elena	0	Developer
chellee	dokeos	0	No specific role
chellinsky	r-i-v-e-r	1	No specific role
chelma	lazar	1	No specific role
cheltis	flexibilling	1	No specific role
chelui	websoccer	1	No specific role
chelui	devsml	1	Developer
chelver	liberum	0	Developer
chema	gedit	0	No specific role
chema	gnome-crash	1	No specific role
chema	gnome-print	1	No specific role
chema76	xlsheet	1	No specific role
chemacortes	pytando	1	Doc Writer
chemacortes	pyspanishdoc	0	Developer
chemacortes	monetux	1	No specific role
chemacortes	pypyme	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
chemacortes	cherrypy	0	Developer
chemaper	augcyl	1	Project Manager
chema_ar	envi	1	Developer
chema_ar	ontospread	1	No specific role
chembal	armcontrol	1	No specific role
chembal	the-reloader	1	Developer
chemdog	javawebcalendar	1	No specific role
chemdog	eledge	1	Developer
chemeto	ixdp4xx	1	Developer
chemfy	prestoweb	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
chemi	eclipse-games	1	No specific role
chemist	dmf	0	No specific role
chemjrp	tiendaxml	1	No specific role
chemjrp	im4edu	1	No specific role
chemlal_yahia	microbes	0	Developer
chemmike	chemclipse	1	No specific role
chemodun	ndn	1	Project Manager
chemonz	slackbookptbr	1	Project Manager
chemotron	labchrom2	1	No specific role
chemuell	compucell	0	Developer
chemware	tplot	1	Project Manager
chen56	himock	1	No specific role
chenais	dbsm	1	Developer
chenandr	jpreferences	1	No specific role
chenang1	coopn	0	Developer
chenapan	genial	1	No specific role
chenbi4030	sf-uw	0	Graphic/Other Designer
chenca	libdmapsharing	1	Developer
chendd2001	emaps	1	No specific role
chenderson	boost-sandbox	0	Developer
chendz	odtvalidator	1	No specific role
cheng81	ykes	1	Developer
cheng81	spaceballracer	0	Developer
chengbd	eightcode	1	No specific role
chengchangwu	emc	0	No specific role
chengchangwu	emocon	1	No specific role
chengdongxu	czt	0	Developer
chengetai	errorsystem	0	Developer
chengetai	gradebooks	0	Developer
chengetai	openeduweb	0	Developer
chengfu	pgmarket	1	No specific role
chengfu	mrtg-eth	1	Project Manager
chengfu	multimta	1	No specific role
chenghao_58	geoassistant	0	Developer
chenglan	z-phpblog	1	No specific role
chengld	matrixpetstore	0	Developer
chengster128	reversibot	1	Developer
chengweilee	lexar-secure	1	No specific role
chengweiwang	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
chengxin32	onlinecinema	0	Analysis / Design
chengyemao	tktoolkit	0	Developer
chengyemao	tcl	0	No specific role
chengyr	cayambe	0	Developer
chengyu_song	honeybow	1	No specific role
cheng_buqi	ipf-orc	0	Developer
chenhu1982	celui	0	No specific role
chenhuashan	tinn-r	1	No specific role
chenj	svg-graph	0	Developer
chenj	nelsonlab	0	No specific role
chenke	antgis	1	No specific role
chenlee	panda3de	0	Developer
chenlee	garnet3d	1	No specific role
chenlia	gates	1	No specific role
chenliang	einc99	1	No specific role
chenminglei	cwatcher	1	No specific role
chenminglei	caslx	1	No specific role
chenmy	sharetone	0	No specific role
chennaganesh	emlvoting	1	Developer
chenno	mockservlet	1	No specific role
chense	minshara	1	No specific role
chensh	crackerjack	0	Developer
chenshay	jmusicmaker	1	Project Manager
chensoft	chenmin	1	No specific role
chenson42	jumppos	1	No specific role
chente	washop	1	No specific role
chentianran	uni	1	No specific role
chentingdong	openclovis	1	Unix Admin
chentschel	opencli	1	No specific role
chentschel	ohcallgen	1	No specific role
chenu	kolmogorov	0	Developer
chenu	mpscore	1	Project Manager
chenuj	mscp	0	Graphic/Other Designer
chenwang	ccas	1	No specific role
chenwang	m2b3	1	No specific role
chenway	mooncms	1	Project Manager
chenwei9177	sparewha	0	Developer
chenweichien	safemsn	1	No specific role
chenweichien	ezfax	1	Developer
chenxi0725	moneymanager	1	Project Manager
chenxi0725	mercury	1	No specific role
chenxiaodong	kilter	0	No specific role
chenxy	b-renet	1	No specific role
chenyide	qiq	1	No specific role
chenyj	xmlwebunit	1	No specific role
chenyj	tinyxml4j	1	Project Manager
chenym	foundstone	1	Developer
chenyu	skyeye	1	Project Manager
chenyu	myvia	1	No specific role
chenyu-yan	sesc	0	No specific role
chenyu468	veplanner	1	No specific role
chenyu468	gothwag	0	Developer
chenyu567	sparewha	1	No specific role
chenyu_21cn	xmuthesis	1	Project Manager
chenz	simsam	1	No specific role
chenzhixin	xingxingplayer	1	No specific role
chen_beeper	cosi-nms	0	Developer
chen_kaiyu	ipf-orc	0	No specific role
chen_l	sol-uvc	1	Project Manager
chen_neo	cims2005	0	Developer
chen_ze_wei	ypportable	1	No specific role
cheoman	chromalgema	1	No specific role
cheon	jmlspecs	1	Project Manager
cheon	multijava	0	Developer
cheongwaikit	enterprise	0	Developer
cheonsa	inventurce	0	Web Designer
chepati	ipcop	0	Developer
chephan	xforceffd	0	No specific role
chepoy	iradbmanager	1	Project Manager
cheraghchi	modeler-lang	1	Project Manager
cheraghchi	secure-webmail	1	No specific role
cherez	mapeditor	1	No specific role
chergreg	gb-fwk	1	No specific role
cherico	ldmm	1	Project Manager
cherlix	musicpop	1	Project Manager
chernandezba	mplayerxmms	1	No specific role
chernandezba	ncdd	1	No specific role
chernandezba	zxspectr	1	No specific role
chernandezba	dvdadivx	1	No specific role
chernandezba	dvd-a-divx	1	No specific role
chernando	kinapsis	0	Developer
chernesk	aquapalm	0	Developer
chernishev	xanswer	0	Developer
chernousov	lighty	1	No specific role
cherny	qms2	1	No specific role
chernyshevsky	wapache	1	Developer
chernyshevsky	polarscript	1	Developer
chero_be	xfce4-pdaxrom	1	No specific role
cherreman	as2lib	0	Developer
cherreman	amfphp	0	No specific role
cherridove	drawgenerator	1	Developer
cherro	carbon	1	Project Manager
cherrymathew	indic-computing	0	Developer
cherrymathew	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
cherrymathew	specvmm	1	No specific role
cherryt	downstream	1	No specific role
chersterz	phpwetbar	1	Developer
chertel	flexwiki	0	Developer
cherub	eof	1	Analysis / Design
cherub	blogbot	0	No specific role
cherub	discordia	1	Developer
cherub	momoko	0	Developer
cherubicface	aim2linux	0	Developer
cherviralas	buddyspace	0	Developer
chervitz	mged	1	Developer
chervitz	genoviz	1	Project Manager
chervitz	gmod	0	Developer
chervol	collective	0	Developer
chervol	quintagroup	1	Developer
chery45	cherycgiforum	1	No specific role
ches	jspsurveylib	0	No specific role
cheself	icrash	1	Project Manager
cheskis	tcp-taba	1	No specific role
chesley	gnomonos	1	No specific role
chesley	argeebee	1	No specific role
chesperado	hamster-fr	0	Developer
chess64	richtex	1	No specific role
chessandmat	isisniper	0	Developer
chessandmat	omegapi	0	Developer
chessbrains	chessengine	1	Project Manager
chessed	c4jplugin	1	No specific role
chessed	jmedialibrary	1	No specific role
chessed	lux	1	Project Manager
chessed	xeis	1	No specific role
chessforce	phpems	1	No specific role
chessh	tease	1	No specific role
chessing	weap	1	No specific role
chessing	open1x	1	Developer
chessing	openlldp	1	Developer
chessing	utahgeeks	1	Developer
chessman	tlan	1	All-Hands Person
chessmaniac	compwebchess	1	Project Manager
chessy	tikiwiki	0	Developer
chessy	adept	0	Developer
chestal	bzflag	0	Developer
chestal	web-league	0	Developer
chesteripkes	mapplet3d	1	No specific role
chesterr	contextmenu	1	No specific role
chesterr	rssfeedcreator	1	No specific role
chesterr	mcmsmanager	1	No specific role
chester_wuqi	sparewha	0	Developer
chet99	rlib	1	Developer
chetanarora	syncshare	0	Developer
chetanbellary	jmanage	0	Developer
chetanbhatsp	devcharrecog	1	Developer
chetang	dotnet4py	1	No specific role
chetang	knowledgebase	0	Developer
chetangv	tyros	0	Developer
chetanp	netbsd-soc	0	Developer
chetansk	hackndev	0	Developer
chetanw	kingfisher	1	No specific role
chetanz	linres	1	No specific role
chetan_oct	infrared	0	Developer
chethan_bs	ucsi	1	Developer
chetnarayan	pirx	0	Developer
chetna_bakshi	syncshare	0	Developer
chets_the_one	adscript	0	Developer
chetz	scsh	0	Tester
cheungming	scst	0	Developer
cheungming	ior	0	Developer
cheungming	iometer	1	Developer
cheungming	iscsitarget	1	Project Manager
cheungming	linuxisns	1	No specific role
cheungsiufai	rox	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cheung_colin	mlas	1	No specific role
cheusov	dict	1	Developer
cheusov	dictem	1	No specific role
cheusov	pkgsrc-wip	0	No specific role
cheusov	judyhash	1	No specific role
chevalarabe	convert2pcx	1	No specific role
chevalier776	sinstradmud	0	No specific role
chevalot	sgaweb	1	Project Manager
chevdor	grisbi	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cheveuxdefeu	jail-ust	0	Developer
chevi	javjabmessenger	1	No specific role
chevol	phpcontactlist	1	No specific role
chewie	strmod	0	Developer
chewie	syslog2db	1	No specific role
chewiebug	dca	1	No specific role
chewie_chuyee	pykbuild	1	No specific role
chewkit	myaccounting	1	No specific role
chewney	c-doku	1	Project Manager
chewwy_99	jdbtools	1	No specific role
chewy	romeo	1	No specific role
chewystfu	potc	0	Developer
chewystick	lbscheduler	1	Developer
chexmix	xmlastro	0	Developer
chexov	backup2svn	1	No specific role
chexsum	whimp	1	Developer
chexsum	loqui	1	No specific role
chexum	lyfo	1	No specific role
chexum	romfs	1	Project Manager
chexx0r	fourxfourxfour	1	No specific role
chexx0r	mutt00l	1	No specific role
cheyer	soliddb	1	No specific role
cheyer	augterm	1	Developer
cheyer	augment	1	No specific role
chezdillon	tt-app	1	No specific role
chezdillon	cardsort	1	No specific role
chezgi	iutan	1	No specific role
chezjesus	doggone	1	No specific role
chezjesus	webtimetracker	1	No specific role
che_chen	uus	1	No specific role
che_fox	python	0	Developer
che_fox	mimelib	0	Developer
che_fox	id3-py	1	No specific role
che_fox	cddb-py	1	No specific role
chferfa	hmi-gesmon3	0	Analysis / Design
chfl	sbml	0	Developer
chfl	sbmlsolver	1	Developer
chfoerster	publicvoicexml	0	Developer
chfreund	procwatch	1	No specific role
chfreund	admixor	1	Project Manager
chfreund	istbad	1	Project Manager
chge	studianalyse	1	No specific role
chge	sqlcoach	1	No specific role
chgel	qingu-doc	0	Developer
chgel	qingu	0	Developer
chgen	openser	0	Developer
chgen	chgen	1	No specific role
chgerhard	auboard	0	Developer
chgerkens	azwebctrlpanel	1	No specific role
chgerkens	midi-rules	1	Developer
chgerkens	tx4j	1	Project Manager
chgloor	pedsim	1	No specific role
chgoldberg	clustlib	1	Project Manager
chgrcode	phpboss	1	No specific role
chgu	wii-linux	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
chhahn	ipt-portnetscan	0	No specific role
chhahn	einsatz	1	Project Manager
chhau	mindmapeditor	1	No specific role
chheplo	chheplo	1	No specific role
chhf	genedb	0	No specific role
chhf	psuprog	0	No specific role
chho	wmgxmon	1	No specific role
chhoppe	cdk	0	Developer
chhoppe	qsar	0	Developer
chhubi	bluefusion	0	Developer
chhuoii	mod-pubsub	1	Developer
chi3f	xboxmediacenter	0	Graphic/Other Designer
chiabai	kgis	1	No specific role
chiabai	kmencal	1	No specific role
chiabai	ktxt2html	1	No specific role
chiabai	mathgraph	1	No specific role
chiahsin0527	atos51	1	Project Manager
chiak	easyplot	1	No specific role
chiakioka	simbio	1	Developer
chiala	architecturware	0	Developer
chiamonkey	chiachat	1	No specific role
chianq	bitwave	1	All-Hands Person
chiarre	lma	0	Developer
chiaseth	cwruser	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
chiasmus1	uhina	1	No specific role
chiasmus1	ooolib	1	Project Manager
chiavc	riotware	1	No specific role
chiawenh	olsfinal	0	Developer
chiayupeng	pjbaba	0	Editorial/Content Writer
chiba	opencxx	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
chiba	jboss	0	Developer
chibaguy	tikiwiki	0	Developer
chibaland	swallow	0	No specific role
chibeagreenie	capi20proxy	0	Developer
chibeagreenie	registrydoc	1	No specific role
chibibian	pasmal	1	Unix Admin
chibicd	cmfs	0	All-Hands Person
chibiguy	smtemplates	1	No specific role
chibiskuld	hdb	1	No specific role
chibiusa	channel-tcl	1	No specific role
chibix	elodie-archive	1	No specific role
chibiya	ascend	0	Developer
chibiya	plug	1	Developer
chibi_wargy	shotokan	1	No specific role
chibo	crt	1	Developer
chicagobob	log4cocoa	1	Developer
chicagodave	opentexteditctl	1	No specific role
chicane	codecommander	1	No specific role
chicane	gcatalog	1	No specific role
chicane	latte	1	No specific role
chicane	glimmer	1	No specific role
chicapi	betelgeuse	1	No specific role
chicares	mingw	0	Developer
chiccorusso	helpme	1	Project Manager
chich	ovinet	0	Developer
chicharro	bowlfish	0	Tester
chichih0	friendo	0	Developer
chichuan	jshop	1	Project Manager
chickasawbsa	chickasawbsa	1	Unix Admin
chicken00	ccms0	1	All-Hands Person
chickenbrain	fawosi	1	Project Manager
chickeneater	supportdesk	1	Developer
chickeneater	phpliteadmin	0	Doc Writer
chickenf	smile3d	0	Web Designer
chickenf	jpodplayer	0	Developer
chickenf	jimo	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
chickenmoo	chrono	1	Project Manager
chickenoo1	nsbide	1	No specific role
chickenoo1	basic-ide	1	All-Hands Person
chickenoo1	jimo	0	Developer
chickenoo1	love2regex	1	No specific role
chicken_666	mindexpander	1	No specific role
chicken_man2006	urg	1	No specific role
chicken__1	dufchat	1	Developer
chicklin	interchangecs	1	No specific role
chico	golgotha	1	No specific role
chico	rimps	1	All-Hands Person
chico	phpthemes	1	No specific role
chico-san	panda3d	0	Content Management
chicobento	sway	0	Developer
chicochen	testtracking	1	No specific role
chicocorrea	recombo	1	Developer
chicopalace	peeweemanager	1	Developer
chicoreus	xastir	0	Developer
chicoreus	digir	0	Developer
chido	jmencode	1	No specific role
chief1983	assassins	1	No specific role
chief1ic	outport	1	No specific role
chiefaua	pmking	1	No specific role
chiefaua	amm	1	Developer
chiefbromden	mediaconsole	1	No specific role
chiefbromden	gsg0	1	Developer
chiefcrash	voipsoftphone	1	No specific role
chiefcujo	smartpool	0	Developer
chiefgecko	opendba	1	Developer
chiefmonkey	richtext	0	Developer
chiefmonkey	phpmxdb	0	Developer
chiefmyron	blueerp	0	Developer
chiefmyron	sauceopen	1	Developer
chiefofthejojos	passreminder	1	Developer
chiefos	theloop	1	No specific role
chief_pl	shipform	1	Project Manager
chiehchen	ethernut	0	Developer
chien-liang	tinyos	0	No specific role
chien-liang	lime2	1	Project Manager
chien_andalusia	agentfactory	0	Developer
chif	bfdev	0	Developer
chifeng	extmail	0	No specific role
chifi	fremis	1	Project Manager
chiforna	quantlib	0	Developer
chiforna	quantlibxl	0	No specific role
chiforna	quantlibaddin	0	No specific role
chiforna	objecthandler	0	No specific role
chiforna	gensrc	0	No specific role
chig	jmorpheus	1	No specific role
chig00	familytreenet	1	No specific role
chignedavid	operabd	0	No specific role
chigozie	communico	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
chih-cherng	gresqlited	1	No specific role
chihchun	sectool	1	No specific role
chihchun	perlpkgmgr	1	No specific role
chihiro	gmod	0	No specific role
chihlin	pdapet	0	No specific role
chikashi	dipsforjmax	1	Developer
chikokoi520159	musanantonio	1	No specific role
chikoon	phormer	1	No specific role
chil	ewok	1	No specific role
chilber	sapdoclet	1	Project Manager
childdj	javaseis	0	Developer
childish4god	newbasic	0	Developer
childs	visit	1	Project Manager
childsplay	ofset	1	Developer
childss	gridbuilder	1	No specific role
child_god	mytelcoissues	1	No specific role
child_god	chronictv	1	No specific role
child_god	xaraya	1	Developer
chilek2	kadu	0	Developer
chilidogs	gervasproject	0	Tester
chilinhero	openscene	1	No specific role
chilkoot	mailcheck	1	No specific role
chilkoot	runcalc	1	No specific role
chilkoot	rpl	1	Project Manager
chillatgvc	wonder	0	No specific role
chillatgvc	globalogue	1	No specific role
chillatgvc	gvcsitemaker	1	No specific role
chillblane	tyrant	0	No specific role
chilleddreams	mobstersuite	0	Developer
chiller2	tulsa	0	Web Designer
chilli1	clsp	1	No specific role
chillsome	protopoll	1	No specific role
chillu	typo3xdev	0	Developer
chill_haze	gearbox	1	Developer
chilm	es-entropy	0	Developer
chil_sai	spsf	1	Developer
chil_sai	pleinpot	1	Developer
chil_sai	newleda	1	Developer
chimaera2000	elschefftgen	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
chimaira	galculator	1	No specific role
chimaira	picnic	1	Developer
chimbis	phenixsp	1	No specific role
chimbis	scid	1	Developer
chimbis	mhd	1	No specific role
chimbis	irm	0	Developer
chimera26	csserverwatch	1	No specific role
chimerabeta	chimeracamera	1	No specific role
chimerer	lostproject	0	Developer
chimerer	bestellsystem	1	Project Manager
chimerer	nig	1	No specific role
chimeric_spirit	x3p	1	No specific role
chimezie	fuxi	1	No specific role
chimikal	sgamaja	1	No specific role
chimit	iptconf	1	Project Manager
chimneydials	ioffice	1	No specific role
chimneydials	pns-webdesktop	0	Developer
chimpa	rootcheck	1	No specific role
chimpa	noia	1	No specific role
chimpaction	softsqueeze	0	Graphic/Other Designer
chimpel	rearview	0	Developer
chimpen	itunes2m3u	1	No specific role
chimpman	cheesedoodle	1	No specific role
chimprawk	cctools	0	Developer
chimprawk	lyceum	1	Project Manager
chimprawk	opencampaigns	1	Project Manager
chimpster	oml-ri	1	Developer
chimpster	kxmame	1	Developer
chimpuscharles	hmmf	1	Project Manager
chin	brain	1	Project Manager
chin-one	phpone	1	No specific role
chin115	cuo	1	No specific role
chinabuddy	hustthesis	0	Developer
chinaliu	generalerp	0	No specific role
chinalyc	colinbase	1	No specific role
chinamann	videodb	0	Developer
china_kfc	multiget	1	No specific role
chinchani	netdevgrp	0	No specific role
chindiyan	gtftp	1	No specific role
chinese007	emarketsystem	1	No specific role
chineseleper	qobject	1	No specific role
chinese_geek	ogwap	0	Developer
chinexiong	chromalgema	0	Developer
chingadero	aion	1	No specific role
chingho	openkpi	1	No specific role
chingho	openlogistics	1	Developer
chinhngt	fsmbsearch	0	Developer
chinhngt	freebsdvn	1	Project Manager
chinhngt	vnoss	0	Developer
chinjulian	renai	0	No specific role
chinkumo	tango-cs	0	Developer
chinmaydas	bob-rheology	1	No specific role
chinmayee	iscs	0	Developer
chinmayee	icescan	0	Developer
chinmayo	lucid	1	Graphic/Other Designer
chinnikrishna55	mxflib	0	Developer
chinno	jotax	0	Developer
chinobrusatti	zodesk	1	No specific role
chinomng	baschat	1	Developer
chinpen	javaosc	1	Developer
chinrichs	loris	0	No specific role
chinsrhere	php-website	1	No specific role
chintana	heesara	1	Project Manager
chintanzaveri	zcstools	1	No specific role
chinthaka-mora	mayura	1	No specific role
chion	tuxpaint	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
chiong	prjewms	1	No specific role
chioumh	metachart	1	Developer
chip	nfs	1	Developer
chip	topaz	1	No specific role
chip	deliver	1	No specific role
chip83	czirclib	1	Developer
chip95	j2tutos	0	Developer
chipgraphics	irsr	0	Developer
chiphead-net	injection	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
chiphead-net	uoinjection	1	No specific role
chiphi13	dominoext	1	All-Hands Person
chiphog	doomlegacy	0	Developer
chipi	zinc-project	0	No specific role
chipmaster32	videotyrant	0	Distributor/Promoter
chipmasters	xsd2als	0	Developer
chipmonk	matchbox	0	Developer
chipomadrid	gervasproject	0	Developer
chipoulou	xplay	0	Unix Admin
chipoulou	dyonisos	0	Unix Admin
chipper3752	msi-workgroups	0	Unix Admin
chipper_farley	olsa	1	No specific role
chipprogrammer	blat	0	Developer
chipsforbrains	dnsblproxy	1	No specific role
chipski	sforce	1	Developer
chipski	collective	0	No specific role
chipster_c	gsb	1	Developer
chipt	chip	1	No specific role
chipx86	qpe-gaim	1	No specific role
chipx86	mino	1	No specific role
chipx86	view	1	No specific role
chipx86	tuxpaint	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
chipx86	gnupdate	1	Project Manager
chipx86	freedows	1	Project Manager
chipx86	elysium-project	0	Developer
chipx86	gaim	0	Developer
chipx86	galago	1	No specific role
chipz	jnetmaze	0	Tester
chipzter	renai	0	No specific role
chip_au3	au3forums	1	No specific role
chip_gillespie	secureaudit	1	Project Manager
chip_vincent	pegasus	1	Developer
chir	jarwizard	1	No specific role
chiradip	convertx	1	No specific role
chiragrr	viridis	0	Developer
chirambattu	ltunes	1	No specific role
chiraz	vinculum	1	Project Manager
chiraz	pdune	1	No specific role
chiraz	amigos	0	Developer
chiraz	mixlet	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
chiraz	moneyjar	1	No specific role
chiraz	mundo	1	No specific role
chiraz	cooperweb	1	No specific role
chiraz	patty	1	No specific role
chiraz	xanadu	1	Project Manager
chiraz	rosebud	1	No specific role
chircumihai	qportal	1	Developer
chirino	ant-contrib	0	Developer
chirino	openejb	0	No specific role
chirodeep	cnms	0	Doc Writer
chiromancer	ipoddisk	1	No specific role
chirone	splattforum	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
chironphoenix	asterisk-gw	1	No specific role
chirpy	poplimitd	1	No specific role
chirstius	perl-win32-gui	0	Doc Writer
chiselwright	uglycode	1	Developer
chiselwright	parley	1	No specific role
chiser99	traynotes	1	No specific role
chiser99	swexef	1	No specific role
chish	aitext	1	Developer
chisheng	duckstein	0	No specific role
chishm	devkitpro	0	Developer
chisholm	diseaseontology	1	Project Manager
chisholm	obo	1	Developer
chisight	mima-c	1	No specific role
chismarrako	iguana	0	Developer
chisno	blogmail	1	Developer
chisno	tossal	1	No specific role
chispita	openbash-org	0	Developer
chitnism	gismap	1	No specific role
chitoiup	cppcommandline	1	No specific role
chittu_98	ran	0	Developer
chitu	genex-umb	1	Project Manager
chiussi	avr-rtos	1	Developer
chivo420	jishosan	0	No specific role
chiwailam	unichat	1	Support Manager
chiwawa	linbuc	1	No specific role
chixloveunix	opennmea	1	No specific role
chixson	ppwm	1	No specific role
chixxen	phpope	1	Project Manager
chiyubo	autoxvid	1	No specific role
chizh	market	1	Project Manager
chiznibitz	imanage	1	No specific role
chizu	blockdropattack	1	No specific role
chizu	pymoo	1	Developer
chi_nguyen	mura	1	No specific role
chj0815	dscout	1	No specific role
chjfth	gnumakeuniproc	1	No specific role
chjfth	uffs	0	Developer
chjq	zdoss	0	Project Manager
chk089	boom	0	No specific role
chkal	azjabot	1	No specific role
chkal	speedcontrol	1	No specific role
chkdsksniper	rtsgame	1	No specific role
chkern	ump	1	Project Manager
chkim98	uengine	0	Developer
chkoehn	cdbng	0	Editorial/Content Writer
chkorn	gpgman	1	No specific role
chl	hp-docs	0	No specific role
chl	dioxygene	0	Unix Admin
chl	xeno	0	No specific role
chlehmann	r2d2-mapper	1	No specific role
chlehmann	r2d2	1	No specific role
chlehmann	powl	0	Developer
chley2004	so-usbcamera	1	Project Manager
chliang	phpbiblio	0	Developer
chln	jgammon	1	No specific role
chlndh	thunderchat	1	No specific role
chlndh	zerocontacts	1	No specific role
chlnet	texniccenter	0	Doc Writer
chlol	outql	1	No specific role
chlor	toughlog	1	No specific role
chlor	freemoney	0	No specific role
chlorenz	gmmusic	1	No specific role
chlorenz	bbackup	1	No specific role
chlorenz	wmmusic	1	No specific role
chlorenz	mmusic	1	No specific role
chlorone	microbes	0	Developer
chloth	crusader	1	Developer
chman	volatile-engine	0	Developer
chmar	orgami	1	No specific role
chmaruni	peeredu	1	No specific role
chmaster	daocmt	1	Developer
chmat	scoutwebportail	1	No specific role
chmate	rfc2html-php	1	No specific role
chmeier	hylabox	1	No specific role
chmelic	sgwg	1	No specific role
chmod84	jadas	1	No specific role
chmod_777	hackshell	1	No specific role
chmoellerh	mymm	1	No specific role
chmop	imagepdp	1	Developer
chmop	web2-analyzer	1	Developer
chmou	zsh	0	No specific role
chmp1	champion-ccms	1	Unix Admin
chmura	devoid	0	Developer
chmweb	chmweb-apmppdev	1	Project Manager
chmweb	apmp	1	Project Manager
chnbr	conquerer	1	Project Manager
chniemann	mysql2lpt	1	No specific role
chninkel	acx100	0	Developer
chnix	giftcurs	1	Developer
chnuschti	webcam-osx	0	Web Designer
chn_dao77	fbds	1	No specific role
cho7	jnfs	1	No specific role
cho7	sadse	1	Developer
chobit	chobits	1	All-Hands Person
chobomuffin	portencross	0	No specific role
chobrian	mylog	1	No specific role
chocapic	terra-mater	1	Project Manager
chochona	picapiedra	1	Project Manager
chochopk	policyconverter	1	Project Manager
chochos	ezcontent	1	No specific role
chochos	wotonomy	0	Developer
chochos	ipodxtract	1	No specific role
chochos	cemanahuatl	0	No specific role
chochos	ast-dpc	1	No specific role
chockenberry	agkit	1	No specific role
chocksmith	jsci	0	Developer
chocman1	emuonline	1	No specific role
chocmurderer	geshi	0	Developer
choco-bn	m-net	0	Developer
chocobolee	neohacker	1	All-Hands Person
chocobolee	xbplayer	0	Developer
chococharlie	whitemammoth	0	Developer
chocolate	flyingdonuts	0	Developer
chocolatebox	chocolatebox	1	No specific role
chocolatezed	invisibleip	0	Developer
chocolatezed	freeweb	0	Developer
chocoschijt	wowlib	1	No specific role
chocotoff	jwr-iss	1	No specific role
chocotoff	tantrix-oliver	1	Project Manager
chode99	nassp	0	Developer
chode99	orbitervis	0	No specific role
chodec	dfachat	0	Developer
chodges	mythreads	1	No specific role
chodorowski	pyaros	1	Project Manager
chodorowski	docutils	0	Developer
chodorowski	threespace	1	Project Manager
chodorowski	aros	0	Developer
chodorowski	aros-games	1	No specific role
chodosm	ampersand	1	No specific role
chodosm	intrinsic	1	All-Hands Person
chodosm	phreenote	1	No specific role
choellwi	rvs	0	Developer
choesch	rosi	0	Tester
chof	dynapyide	0	Graphic/Other Designer
chofstede	jmetro	1	Developer
chogben	fusion-rt	1	No specific role
chogolisa	greatcow	0	Graphic/Other Designer
choiyenggan	nlso-objects	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
choiyenggan	nlso-address	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
choiyenggan	nlso-web	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
chojin	elizatalk	1	No specific role
chojin_csi	cdemu	0	Developer
chokemaniac	xboxmediacenter	0	Graphic/Other Designer
chokemaniac	xbmc	0	Graphic/Other Designer
choklam	resiprocate	0	Developer
choko	esch	1	No specific role
chol	scrap	1	Graphic/Other Designer
chol	algosatfreenode	0	No specific role
chol	packetpeeper	1	No specific role
cholleme	fractalgallery	1	No specific role
cholleme	tenebrae	1	No specific role
chollis26	yep	0	No specific role
chollman82	ch-quadratis	1	No specific role
chollya	zvoss	1	Developer
chollya	greedy	1	Developer
cholmesny	geoserver	1	Project Manager
cholmesny	geoapi	1	Developer
cholmesny	geotools	1	Developer
cholmon	sscs4php	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
chololo	littera	1	No specific role
chololo	awtaglib	1	No specific role
cholon	bmat	1	No specific role
choloz	sicksisifo	1	No specific role
choloz	mylibc	1	No specific role
cholst	geodesycalc	0	Developer
cholywell	colinjab	1	Project Manager
chombier	macssh	1	Developer
chombium	poedit	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
chomg	tinyos	0	No specific role
chomik37	send-file	1	No specific role
chomiq	satecoto	1	No specific role
chompomonim	khtb	0	All-Hands Person
chompomonim	justdiary	1	No specific role
chompomonim	mtpintranetas	1	No specific role
chompomonim	virtmos	1	No specific role
chompomonim	faultor	1	No specific role
chomse	dsfdb	0	DBA (Database Administrator)
chomse	tpsystoolskylix	0	No specific role
chomse	tpsystools	0	No specific role
chomse	tpflashfiler	0	No specific role
chomse	tpabbrevia	0	No specific role
chomse	tpapro	0	No specific role
chomse	tplockbox	0	No specific role
chomse	tpaproclx	0	Developer
chong	b0xnet	1	Project Manager
chonga	gumtree	0	Developer
chongchian	stickiesnet	1	No specific role
chongjy	creature	1	No specific role
chongma	bmap	1	Project Manager
chongma	minicms	1	Project Manager
chonkie	glgenuswars	0	All-Hands Person
choochter	phpeclipse	0	Developer
chooga	syscalltrack	1	Project Manager
choogland	psidev	0	No specific role
chooikahwai	pocketdigimonz	1	No specific role
chooikahwai	auristerre	0	No specific role
choonhooi	mypos	1	No specific role
choopan	pingpong-abc	1	No specific role
choopan	zero-one	1	No specific role
choosy	libcat	1	No specific role
choover	blob	0	Developer
chopin1998	pyrrs	1	No specific role
choppc	internetdirect	0	Developer
choppen5	vsrvrmgr	1	No specific role
chopperdave	allacrost	0	No specific role
choppingwood	yaw2	1	No specific role
choppy83	lanstore	0	Developer
chops	real	0	No specific role
chopsocky	sudoku-genie	0	Developer
choq69	uno-fesst	0	Developer
chord	worldforge	0	No specific role
chorimaple	ogg-mp3audiolib	1	No specific role
chorizo	bannerator	1	Developer
chorizo	tourneytrack	1	No specific role
chorizo	vagrant	1	Developer
chornung	eyepupdate	1	No specific role
choroba	chalaxy	1	No specific role
chorutek	zipsurf	1	No specific role
chose	fastrpc	0	Web Designer
chose	teng	0	Web Designer
chosen19139	area51cms	1	No specific role
chosenones	jddns	1	No specific role
choskth	codebreaker	1	No specific role
chot	libera	1	Developer
chouaib	netclub	0	Developer
choubaka	gfsgl	0	Tester
choube_mehul	hackce	0	Developer
choube_mehul	ldappp	0	Developer
choube_mehul	mcrypt	0	Developer
choube_mehul	backalaika	0	Developer
choucrouteman	xpweb	1	Project Manager
choucrouteman	phpbabel	0	Developer
choucrouteman	eclixpweb	1	No specific role
choughte	jedidbd	0	Developer
chouhan	hl7sharp	1	No specific role
chouimat	openzaurus	1	Developer
choup69	bebetes	1	Project Manager
choupi	isicup	0	Developer
choupix	gridpain	1	Developer
chouser	unixmail-w32	1	No specific role
chouser	xale	1	No specific role
chousz	webextension	1	No specific role
chousz	jabberstruts	1	No specific role
chousz	javahtmlparser	1	No specific role
chousz	antmake	1	No specific role
chousz	antrepository	1	No specific role
chousz	contractchecker	1	No specific role
chousz	undigester	1	No specific role
chousz	proxyj	1	No specific role
chousz	queryj	1	No specific role
chousz	regexpplugin	1	No specific role
chouvalov	timezoneclock	1	Developer
chouxinxin	oa4lyonmire	1	Developer
chovy	openletter	0	Developer
chovy	open-newsletter	1	No specific role
chovy	smaug-web	1	Developer
chovy	dotproject-cvs	1	No specific role
chovy	rsnapshot	0	Developer
chovy	gpld	1	No specific role
chow	hmailserver	0	Developer
chowchinchung	wapicq	1	No specific role
chowda	mainejug	0	Developer
chowells	kdeprint	0	Web Designer
chowells	koffice	0	Web Designer
chowette	molesvn	1	Developer
chowlin	ddtorg	1	No specific role
chownc	educatportal	0	Developer
chowroc	crablfs	1	No specific role
choww	student-kernel	1	Project Manager
chowyeelim	a-m-s	0	Developer
choyj	wbemservices	0	No specific role
choyk1	mol	1	No specific role
choyrim	springnet	0	No specific role
choyrim	dotnetmock	1	Developer
chpapa	pvirthostas	1	Project Manager
chpchew	myportal	0	Developer
chpeck	carsole	1	No specific role
chpham	oma-scts	1	Developer
chpock	cklib	1	No specific role
chpoggemann	pt-framework	1	Developer
chpranzas	psaltiki4gamera	0	Developer
chpranzas	otr4gamera	0	Developer
chptma	pabbering	1	No specific role
chpts	glnebula	1	No specific role
chq-shaitan	meshbox	0	Developer
chr	xemacs	0	No specific role
chr-	cerebrum	0	Doc Writer
chr-endian	efw	0	Developer
chr0nik	hash-syncro	1	Developer
chr15	imcrypto	1	Developer
chr15m	tegular	1	No specific role
chr15t0ph	latex-ecv	1	Project Manager
chr1s77	lime2	1	Developer
chr1s77	lime	0	Developer
chr1st	buncis	0	Developer
chr32	proxool	0	Developer
chr32	struts	0	Developer
chrahn	qpe	0	Developer
chrailo	jretro	0	Developer
chrassig	frexplore	1	Developer
chrath	objectbridge	0	Developer
chratnox	pussftpd	1	Developer
chrb	xbox-linux	0	Developer
chrdam	amrc	1	No specific role
chreekar	mp-plugins	0	Developer
chregi_wassmer	spamato	0	Developer
chregu	zzossinstaller	0	Developer
chrend	captainfeature	1	Unix Admin
chresan	nmedit	0	Developer
chresko	supercollider	1	Developer
chresten17	pdb2pqr	0	Developer
chrestomanci	simplebakup	1	No specific role
chrfranke	smartmontools	1	Developer
chrhar1	whmab	1	No specific role
chrhar1	wsportal	1	No specific role
chri7cam	libellus	1	Project Manager
chribba	jcalc	1	Developer
chribo4	matrix-pse	1	Project Manager
chribonn	cos-3des	1	No specific role
chriewie	logahead	0	Developer
chrigl	reminst	1	Developer
chrigl	gmvdk	1	Unix Admin
chrihart	pymerase	0	No specific role
chrilith	scummvm	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
chrilleman	p2parser	1	Developer
chrilli	j-wings	0	Developer
chrim	icehorsetools	0	Developer
chrimble	dvdlist	1	No specific role
chrimeea	hpbtc	1	Developer
chrimetayer	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
chrimm	tste	1	Developer
chripo	modfrontpage	1	No specific role
chris	edit-x	1	Developer
chris	nvaudio	0	No specific role
chris	torquemech	0	No specific role
chris	pole	1	No specific role
chris-	pphaim	1	All-Hands Person
chris-	jnetmaze	0	No specific role
chris-dollin	jena	1	Developer
chris-dollin	openspice	1	Doc Writer
chris-lee	libsand	1	Developer
chris-lee	configurize	1	No specific role
chris-liebig	xots	1	Project Manager
chris-p	darsana	1	No specific role
chris-p-39	http-events	1	No specific role
chris-tracy	deny-spammers	1	No specific role
chris-woj	vtemplates	0	Developer
chris01	fink	1	Project Manager
chris0r	riskonline	1	Developer
chris1-	gamers-irc	1	Developer
chris1165	phpchatnvid	1	No specific role
chris2213	gamerzircd	1	Developer
chris2511	xca	1	No specific role
chris2511	e2fsimage	1	No specific role
chris256	netzatacka	1	No specific role
chris2deuce	mldonkey	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
chris2fr	edelib	1	No specific role
chris2fr	phopo-org	1	Project Manager
chris2fr	webmap	1	Project Manager
chris2fr	bugzilla-fr	1	Project Manager
chris491	aspnet-cms	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
chris52389	ctenet0	1	Project Manager
chris52389	opensharelive	1	Project Manager
chris57	cylix-mdmt	1	No specific role
chris66	jrre	1	Developer
chris74	win-eraser	1	No specific role
chris74	gnuwinapp	1	No specific role
chris7mas	project-lsp	1	No specific role
chris8604	thegreensmurf	0	Developer
chris92314	banlaen	1	Project Manager
chris96321	ecal	0	Developer
chris97pl	isbuilder	1	No specific role
chrisalfonso	gwt-netbeans	1	No specific role
chrisall	alt4	1	Project Manager
chrisalm	kvcd	1	Developer
chrisan	soss	1	No specific role
chrisan	ellen	1	No specific role
chrisan	cpri	1	Project Manager
chrisan	cgui	1	No specific role
chrisan	ccomx	1	No specific role
chrisan	cbar	1	No specific role
chrisanders26	openprop	0	No specific role
chrisashton84	safis	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
chrisatwork	jamp	1	No specific role
chrisb76	vizos	1	Project Manager
chrisb89	gentes	1	No specific role
chrisbalz	web2database	1	Developer
chrisbaron	osmc	1	No specific role
chrisbarry	kqlives	0	Graphic/Other Designer
chrisbayes	saxondotnet	0	Developer
chrisbecker	netzbrett	0	Developer
chrisbeer	boincmin	1	No specific role
chrisbensch	remoteavc	1	No specific role
chrisbhmg	irl	1	No specific role
chrisbigart	seek	1	No specific role
chrisbigart	macsolitairex	1	No specific role
chrisbirmingham	guildweb	1	No specific role
chrisbitmead	javatools	1	No specific role
chrisbitmead	jem	1	No specific role
chrisbitmead	dbtools	1	No specific role
chrisbk	zgja3d	1	No specific role
chrisbk	rxcraft	1	Developer
chrisbkr	nteam	0	No specific role
chrisbo	goya3	0	No specific role
chrisbond	phpfaquer	1	No specific role
chrisbond	viaproject	1	Developer
chrisbouzek	ebrillade	1	No specific role
chrisbouzek	roaminsmpp	1	No specific role
chrisboyle	kprefmp3	1	No specific role
chrisboyle	xfriends	1	No specific role
chrisbranch	sourceror	0	Developer
chrisbray	objectblox	1	No specific role
chrisbren	lujp	1	No specific role
chrisbrownie	simplist	1	User Interface (UI) Designer
chrisburrell	softtracker	1	No specific role
chrisc82	reefputer	1	No specific role
chriscard1	factor-by-gnfs	1	No specific role
chriscatton	sabo	1	No specific role
chriscatton	damlconstraint	1	No specific role
chrischou	cajaxlib	1	No specific role
chrischow	wifiphone	1	No specific role
chrischown	awrate	1	No specific role
chriscm	engine-x	0	Tester
chriscog	arista	1	No specific role
chriscole	jnode	0	Developer
chrisconchelos	ultrastyle	1	No specific role
chriscooke	footballadmin	1	No specific role
chriscorbellpdx	adx-project	1	Developer
chriscpi	safox	1	No specific role
chriscummings	terraengine	1	Developer
chrisd	goog-gtags	1	Developer
chrisd	goog-perftools	1	No specific role
chrisd	goog-coredumper	1	No specific role
chrisd	goog-sparsehash	1	No specific role
chrisd	goog-goopy	1	No specific role
chrisd	libjingle	1	Developer
chrisd	pole	1	No specific role
chrisdagnon	freecol	0	Developer
chrisdagnon	gearbox	1	Developer
chrisdaly01	centraview	0	Developer
chrisdanford	kitsapchart	1	No specific role
chrisdanford	stepmania	1	Project Manager
chrisdavis3587	opengtoolkit	0	No specific role
chrisdew	sqlmx	1	No specific role
chrisdigiterre	hypertree	0	Developer
chrisdlf	telescope	0	Developer
chrisdolan	parseperl	0	No specific role
chrisdolan	familyweb	1	Project Manager
chrisdolan	fink	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
chrisdone	exgui	1	No specific role
chrisdone	slsk	1	No specific role
chrisdonohue	pcgen	0	Tester
chrisdos	mrtgbundle	1	No specific role
chrisdouce	jmodbus	0	Developer
chrisdowhan	rfidproject	1	No specific role
chrisdpratt	moolinks	1	No specific role
chrisdrop	screenfire	1	No specific role
chrisdrop	openftp	1	No specific role
chrisdrop	tradeweapon	1	No specific role
chrisdrop	springnet	0	Developer
chrisduncan	schooltool	0	No specific role
chrisduran	europhenome	1	Developer
chrisdutz	exist	0	Developer
chriseldredge	htmlfixture	1	Developer
chriseldredge	vulcan	1	No specific role
chriserasmus	tendersystem	1	No specific role
chriserdle	sshabusedesk	1	No specific role
chrisesirhc	chipworld	1	All-Hands Person
chrisesler	htmltemplate	1	Project Manager
chrisesler	landscape	1	No specific role
chrisevm	evm2003	0	Developer
chriseyre2000	jedimath	1	Developer
chrisf	amtools	0	No specific role
chrisf0584	beng	0	Graphic/Other Designer
chrisfair814	gdiary	1	No specific role
chrisfel	lapackpp	0	No specific role
chrisfel	simthetic	0	No specific role
chrisfischer	lawim01	1	No specific role
chrisfry	shadowsfall	1	No specific role
chrisfry	sf-uw	1	Developer
chrisftaylor	fuge	1	Project Manager
chrisftaylor	fugo	1	Unix Admin
chrisftaylor	micheck	1	No specific role
chrisftaylor	mibbi	1	No specific role
chrisftaylor	msi-workgroups	0	No specific role
chrisftaylor	smrsgroup	0	Web Designer
chrisftaylor	psidev	1	Developer
chrisgalfi	phpcrosstalk	1	Developer
chrisgdg	ccoptions	0	Developer
chrisgeorg	exist	0	Developer
chrisgilbride	xins	0	Developer
chrisgo	openpcl	0	Developer
chrisgo31	abackupservice	1	Developer
chrisgoo	openmms	0	No specific role
chrisgraham	mymoviemanager	1	No specific role
chrisgreen	barnyard	0	Developer
chrisgreen	pylibnet	0	Developer
chrisgrind	tyrant	0	Developer
chrisgrind	juploadr	0	Developer
chrisgrind	p2pmud	0	Developer
chrisgrind	hopy	1	No specific role
chrisgt	tn5250j	0	Developer
chrisguenther	keonaxms	1	Project Manager
chrisguilbeau	bangzhu	1	No specific role
chrish42	plearn	0	Developer
chrishamilton	e-judo	0	Developer
chrishan	damapper	1	Developer
chrishane	mylar-mantis	1	No specific role
chrisharper	howfar	1	No specific role
chrishbarker	wxpystonesoup	0	Developer
chrisheald	scaliptor	1	No specific role
chrishecker	igj	1	No specific role
chrisheer	openty	1	No specific role
chrisheunen	loeki	1	Developer
chrishmorris	ccpn	0	No specific role
chrishogben	waveircd	1	Project Manager
chrishogben	anope	0	Tester
chrishogben	phpmemx	1	Project Manager
chrishunter	asverd	1	No specific role
chrishunter	sdlwebmon	1	No specific role
chrish_au	what4j	1	Developer
chrisichris	click	0	Developer
chrisism	ismscripts	1	No specific role
chrisito	roboter	1	All-Hands Person
chrisja	tass	1	No specific role
chrisjames	ihid	0	Tester
chrisjc	smplcms	0	Developer
chrisjmurphy	strandz	1	No specific role
chrisjohndean	googlegadgets	1	No specific role
chrisjones	geosync	1	Developer
chrisjones	dvd-create	0	Developer
chrisjones	speedtch	1	All-Hands Person
chrisjp	napster4be	0	No specific role
chrisjs	fsinstaller	1	Project Manager
chrisjswanson	jsofs	1	Project Manager
chrisjtyler	mepsth	0	Unix Admin
chrisk-oz	frottle	1	Developer
chriskang	lokiworld	1	No specific role
chriskbaumer	venividiwiki	0	No specific role
chriskcat	fakenes	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
chriskcat	agup	0	Developer
chriskcat	alleg	0	Developer
chriskimber	my-rc	1	Developer
chriskl	phppgadmin	1	Project Manager
chriskl	crystal	0	Developer
chrisklecker	gameon	1	No specific role
chrisklecker	rmchargen	0	Developer
chrisknezevic	jfirewallsim	0	Developer
chrisko	imedgine	0	Developer
chrisko	madoc	1	Developer
chrisko	prmdb	1	Developer
chriskoch	plausj	0	Developer
chriskoch	begmon	1	No specific role
chriskr	vcf	0	Developer
chriskros	mwe	0	Developer
chrislale	newbiedoc	1	Doc Writer
chrislambrou	collections15	1	No specific role
chrislampley	zeroconfd	1	No specific role
chrislawrence	supplychainsolu	1	No specific role
chrislee1	sendtoanyfolder	1	No specific role
chrislewis2030	photoroom	0	Developer
chrislit	sword	1	Developer
chrislorenz	javabluetooth	1	Project Manager
chrislusf	dbsearcbugzilla	1	No specific role
chrism	backtalk	1	No specific role
chrism	archetypes	0	Developer
chrism	collective	0	No specific role
chrism	zope-book	1	Project Manager
chrism	zope-devel	1	Project Manager
chrism	zwiki	0	Developer
chrism	zopemailarchive	1	No specific role
chrism	plone	0	No specific role
chrism01	gampmediaplayer	0	Tester
chrism22	gempire	1	No specific role
chrism3	comsams	1	No specific role
chrism87	gentes	1	No specific role
chrism87	serpentes	1	No specific role
chrismaeda	visitrial	1	No specific role
chrismaltby	ebs-linux	1	Unix Admin
chrismar035	ftdgame	1	No specific role
chrismartz	eduwebapp	1	No specific role
chrismass	tobs	1	Developer
chrismasters	dotretro	0	Developer
chrismasters	shrink	1	No specific role
chrismatchett	infoboard	1	No specific role
chrisme	flexwiki	0	Developer
chrisme	onlingameengine	1	No specific role
chrisme	nsr170	1	Project Manager
chrismfz	slacksec	1	No specific role
chrismo	dvassist	1	No specific role
chrismo	dunit	1	Project Manager
chrismo	dante	1	No specific role
chrismo	scrapware	1	No specific role
chrismo	rubyinstaller	0	Developer
chrismo	clxmlserial	1	Project Manager
chrismo	cloutmon	1	No specific role
chrismonahan	assoc	1	No specific role
chrismor	openproximity	1	Developer
chrismorgan	bio2jack	1	No specific role
chrismorgan	xmms-jack	1	Project Manager
chrismorgan	winrash	1	No specific role
chrismorl	openbabel	1	Developer
chrismorl	mesmer	1	No specific role
chrismorris	amigaone-linux	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
chrismrulz	wowfe	1	No specific role
chrismrulz	ubl	1	No specific role
chrismrulz	uac	1	No specific role
chrismullin	hcomhl7	1	No specific role
chrismurf	tobacconist	1	Project Manager
chrisn55	dbom	1	No specific role
chrisnbuckley	javanms	1	No specific role
chrisnetonline	xdocumentor	1	Developer
chrisnetonline	phpmyscs	1	Project Manager
chrisnicholas	smodenv	0	No specific role
chrisnoeding	pcdimmer	1	No specific role
chrisnolan	javacritic	1	No specific role
chrisntr	bluejaw	1	No specific role
chrisobrien	rssdoc	1	No specific role
chrisoei	s3fuse	1	Developer
chrisoei	itranscribe	1	No specific role
chrisoei	yawows	1	No specific role
chrisosborn	noeoe	0	Developer
chrisost	chan-cg	1	No specific role
chrisotopher	collapse	0	No specific role
chrisowens	lets-talk	0	Project Manager
chrisp	refit	1	Developer
chrisp	aqualess	1	No specific role
chrisp	xonx	0	Developer
chrisp	credo	1	No specific role
chrisp	cowry	1	All-Hands Person
chrisp	cor	1	No specific role
chrisp	fink	0	No specific role
chrisp	daemonic	1	No specific role
chrisp	disktype	1	No specific role
chrisp	elilo	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
chrisp	netstrain	1	No specific role
chrispage	nitric	0	No specific role
chrispage	whisper2	0	Developer
chrispalmer	topographica	0	Developer
chrisparkinson	simmetrics	0	Developer
chrispcampbell	ptarmigan	0	Developer
chrispcampbell	triot	0	Developer
chrispels	mvp-xml	1	Developer
chrispersson	kantaris	1	No specific role
chrispeto	csvgui	1	No specific role
chrisphe	nms-cgi	0	Developer
chrispittman	mugu	0	Developer
chrispix	dynamomocks	1	Project Manager
chrispix	strutstestcase	0	Developer
chrispo	unichat	1	Unix Admin
chrispraher	nm2006	1	All-Hands Person
chrisptoer	khaos	1	Unix Admin
chrispychase	chipmark	0	Developer
chrisr	objectrendering	1	No specific role
chrisranjana	ordernotifier	1	Project Manager
chrisranjana	simple-php-shop	1	No specific role
chrisrauh	package	1	No specific role
chrisre	silkroute	1	Developer
chrisreames	perlxul	0	No specific role
chrisreed	kuimlrenderer	0	No specific role
chrisreichel	pibp	1	No specific role
chrisridd	perl-ldap	0	Developer
chrisridd	gnukeyring	0	Developer
chrisridd	objcsax	1	No specific role
chrisrimmer	utplsql	0	Developer
chrisrimmer	catnap-layer	1	Developer
chrisrimmer	jutex	1	No specific role
chrisrindone	myphpnuke	0	Developer
chrisrmar	openrdl	1	Project Manager
chrisromain	erlhive	0	No specific role
chrisrussi	cslagen	1	No specific role
chrisryder	phpwebsite-comm	0	Developer
chrisryder	phpwscookbook	1	All-Hands Person
chriss2003	jassms	0	Developer
chrissamuel	vacation	1	Developer
chrissawerdev	open-scores	0	No specific role
chrisscalzo	pimpdb	1	Project Manager
chrissearle	piclib	1	No specific role
chrisseaton	envedit	1	No specific role
chrisseaton	wikipedia	0	No specific role
chrisshaffer	mozoffice	1	Project Manager
chrisshaffer	phpbb2pnmod	1	Developer
chrisshaffer	roxwrap	0	Developer
chrisshaffer	openposs	1	Project Manager
chrisshaffer	songer	1	No specific role
chrissi	uno-darmstadt	0	No specific role
chrissie18	criminalsdebug	1	No specific role
chrissi_79	avatal	1	Project Manager
chrissi_79	tfeditorapplet	1	Developer
chrissi_79	larrymp3player	1	No specific role
chrissi_79	larrymessenger	1	Project Manager
chrissi_79	jgpgwrapper	1	No specific role
chrisso-de	namap	1	No specific role
chrisspencer	thebody	1	No specific role
chrissteege	boardgameonline	0	No specific role
chrisswain	phpprofile	1	No specific role
chrissweet	protomol	0	No specific role
chrissy	resmedicinae	1	Project Manager
christ1an	rtb-team	0	No specific role
christ2o02ph	unips	0	Developer
christ76	interface	0	Developer
christafarian	driver462	0	Developer
christallon	vomp	1	No specific role
christaylor_uk	dilbertengine	1	Graphic/Other Designer
christeck	gebabbel	1	No specific role
christeck	kolourpaint	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
christeck	knetworkconf	0	Doc Writer
christeck	kinitiator	0	Doc Writer
christeck	sysexxer	1	No specific role
christei	csphere	1	Developer
christej	edam-enchilada	1	Project Manager
christelle	hr4u	0	Developer
christelmich	bibliotheque	0	No specific role
christen	gpurt	1	No specific role
christenp	febrl	1	All-Hands Person
christey	celestia	0	Developer
christhecat	galaxyng	1	Developer
christhecat	galaxyview	1	All-Hands Person
christhecat	dicey	1	No specific role
christht	swup	1	Project Manager
christi-s	rockbox	0	Developer
christian	cdbng	1	All-Hands Person
christian	prettypoly	0	No specific role
christian-page	galicia	0	Developer
christian24	winstartup	1	No specific role
christian78	guitartab	1	No specific role
christianamuel	venividiwiki	0	Developer
christianarnold	linux-tv	1	Project Manager
christianbkw	alpharms	1	No specific role
christianbo	wsis	0	Developer
christiancable	nexus5bbs	1	No specific role
christianchr	mobilesurvey	1	No specific role
christianconvey	rsim	1	No specific role
christiancosta	biocentrica	1	Project Manager
christiancryder	barracudamvc	1	Project Manager
christiandackus	dit-cms	1	Developer
christiandoblha	venividiwiki	0	No specific role
christiandobnik	venividiwiki	0	Developer
christiandobnik	hyperjotter	0	No specific role
christianfast	venividiwiki	0	Developer
christianfoltin	freemind	1	Project Manager
christianfoltin	simplyhtml	0	Developer
christiangruen	basex	1	No specific role
christianhamer	integratis	0	All-Hands Person
christianharms	qooxdoo	0	Doc Writer
christianheck	typo3xdev	0	Developer
christianhjw	uci	1	Developer
christianhjw	virtualdubmod	1	Project Manager
christianhjw	matroska	1	Project Manager
christianhjw	ebml	1	All-Hands Person
christianhujer	daimonin	1	Developer
christianhujer	gridarta	1	Project Manager
christianhujer	cherbot	1	Project Manager
christianhujer	japi	1	Project Manager
christianhujer	jreptator	1	Project Manager
christianhujer	opacm	1	Developer
christianj	jaluna	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
christiank81	nfpnet	1	Developer
christiankaul	spamstop	1	Developer
christiankoerne	venividiwiki	0	Developer
christiankogler	venividiwiki	0	Developer
christiankr	confix	1	No specific role
christianl	shootbudget	1	No specific role
christianlang	typo3xdev	0	Developer
christianleistn	venividiwiki	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
christianlist	pywikipediabot	0	No specific role
christianlist	winmerge	1	Project Manager
christianlist	wikipedia	0	No specific role
christianman	viss	1	Developer
christianmatt	ultramage	1	Developer
christianmc	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
christianmc	seif	1	No specific role
christianmeyer	easysnort	1	No specific role
christianost	lg3d-livecd	1	No specific role
christianpanton	zombato	1	No specific role
christianpekler	venividiwiki	0	Developer
christianpirker	venividiwiki	0	No specific role
christianpl	ultimatego	0	No specific role
christianpl	nod	1	No specific role
christianroppos	venividiwiki	0	No specific role
christiansen	lbs	0	Developer
christianstocke	venividiwiki	0	Developer
christianth	ideaimporter	0	Developer
christianturner	forumconveniens	1	No specific role
christianturner	streamers	1	Developer
christianv	robocuprescue	0	Developer
christianw	imobientdj	1	No specific role
christianw	xmltv	0	Developer
christianwagne	venividiwiki	0	Developer
christianwelzel	texniccenter	0	Developer
christianwelzel	ethernut	0	Developer
christianweyer	mvp-xml	0	Developer
christianweyer	plumbworkindigo	1	No specific role
christianweyer	plumbworkorange	1	No specific role
christianybanez	simplebb	1	Web Designer
christianybanez	xneur	0	Web Designer
christian_boltz	fontlinge	1	Developer
christian_b_l	metaeditor	0	Developer
christian_b_l	metasystem	0	No specific role
christian_essl	jucas	1	No specific role
christian_f	servicelanguage	0	Developer
christian_f	fxl-project	0	Developer
christian_gall	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
christian_green	mesa-team-green	0	Developer
christian_hahn	pim4soa	1	Developer
christian_hauck	pcmsystem	0	Project Manager
christian_igel	shark-project	1	No specific role
christian_renau	hertzconquest	0	No specific role
christian_s	mathlib-net	1	No specific role
christian_sch	gutaufgelegt	1	Developer
christian_u	lazarus-ccr	0	Developer
christie	gaol	0	Developer
christie	crrcsim	0	No specific role
christie	elisa	1	Project Manager
christina-roche	juco	1	No specific role
christinae	daisymfc	0	Developer
christineseidl	betoffice	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
christinet	jclubmanager	0	Developer
christinewu	jbeanmath	0	Developer
christine_ave	ave	0	No specific role
christirichards	brevity	0	No specific role
christkv	thicky	0	Developer
christl	sharp3d	0	Developer
christocyr	cvw	1	Developer
christodd	bite	1	No specific role
christof2	commsyextension	1	No specific role
christof2	commsy	0	No specific role
christof256	unicats-i	1	All-Hands Person
christof2nd	nfpnet	0	Developer
christoferkoe	andrea	0	Developer
christoferw	umtsmon	0	Developer
christoffer	mopsos	1	No specific role
christofferhp	bnw	0	Developer
christofkrueger	qmmp	1	No specific role
christofsteel	winpak	1	No specific role
christomania	gardenstate	1	No specific role
christooley	astmaneclipse	1	No specific role
christooley	pptpclient	0	Developer
christoph-c	gljaune	1	Developer
christoph-c	uhuproject	1	Developer
christophdonges	jsp-tipping	1	No specific role
christophdorn	pinf-project	1	No specific role
christophdorn	pinf	1	Developer
christophdorn	bibliograph	0	Developer
christophdotnet	mvp-xml	0	Developer
christophe83	fire-soft-board	1	Project Manager
christopheclc	shatam	1	Project Manager
christophedavid	astroalgorithms	1	Developer
christophelebe	nassp	0	Developer
christopher	kvcd	0	No specific role
christopherbl	wanlanchat	1	No specific role
christophercook	voji	0	Tester
christophercook	dbconnection	1	No specific role
christopherdunn	jsoncpp	0	Developer
christopherfink	chipmark	0	Developer
christopherm	ledger-smb	1	Developer
christophershaw	wificonnect	1	No specific role
christopher_li	ch-asm	1	Project Manager
christopher_li	btmgr	0	Developer
christopher_li	gkernel	0	Developer
christophe_b	espider	1	No specific role
christophe_lyon	distmake	1	Developer
christophhaas	wwwroot	0	Developer
christophklein	ngacl	1	No specific role
christophklein	blueapple	1	Developer
christophlauer	sonogram	1	Project Manager
christophrothe	radiomatic	1	No specific role
christophs	buzz-like	0	Developer
christophw	handytags	0	Developer
christoph_berg	newsphp	1	Web Designer
christoph_lue	s-dojo-plugins	1	No specific role
christoph_mpg	ghmm	0	Developer
christoph_tfn	tfn	1	No specific role
christoph_weyer	bibxmleditor	1	No specific role
christopol	webmap	1	No specific role
christopol	exuserfolder	0	Developer
christopol	rcsman	1	Project Manager
christopol	phopo-org	1	No specific role
christopol	phpdoc2argo	1	No specific role
christot	turnkey	0	No specific role
christot	sqlfairy	0	Developer
christot	svg-graph	0	Developer
christot	gmod	0	No specific role
christraxler	venividiwiki	0	Developer
christreber	aclog	1	No specific role
christreber	aclibexif	1	Project Manager
christreber	aclibico	1	Project Manager
christsc	darbackup	1	No specific role
christte	bluefish	0	Developer
christurkel	gnu-darwin	0	Doc Writer
christus_ae	dynocreature	1	All-Hands Person
christus_ae	openkore	0	Developer
christux57	klm	1	No specific role
christye	openhealth	0	Developer
christ_at91	at91-udp	0	Developer
chrisv	open-rpg	0	No specific role
chrisvanaart	ontogrid	0	Developer
chrisvdb	javer	1	No specific role
chrisvdp74656	servicespp	1	No specific role
chrisveigl	openeeg	1	Project Manager
chriswareham	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
chriswashere	emul8	1	No specific role
chriswatts	compbase	1	No specific role
chriswilson	vwebserver	1	No specific role
chriswjohnson	qwicap	1	Project Manager
chriswroe	freefluo	0	Developer
chriswroe	doas	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
chriswroe	taverna	0	Developer
chriswroe	mygrid-uk	0	No specific role
chrisyick	bueasy	1	No specific role
chrisz75	jaaslounge	0	Developer
chrisza	exibomb	1	No specific role
chriszeiders	orgonline	0	No specific role
chriszz	comvironment	1	Project Manager
chris_147	childsplay	0	Developer
chris_147	schoolsplay	0	Developer
chris_476	lmxeditor	1	No specific role
chris_77	ocaml-fem	1	No specific role
chris_77	ocaml-magic	1	No specific role
chris_77	ocaml-benchmark	1	No specific role
chris_77	ocaml-lpd	1	No specific role
chris_77	ocaml-gnuplot	1	Project Manager
chris_77	ocaml-fftw	1	No specific role
chris_77	ocaml-cgi	1	Project Manager
chris_94100	opendb	0	Developer
chris_94100	scicalc	1	No specific role
chris_94100	wxgeometrie	0	Developer
chris_abyi	conchess	1	No specific role
chris_aitken	nxcontrols	1	No specific role
chris_aitken	nxnet	1	No specific role
chris_atkin54	domination	1	Developer
chris_atkin54	dgame	1	Developer
chris_auw	valia	0	Developer
chris_a_thomas	urlgrabber	1	Developer
chris_a_thomas	esftp	1	Project Manager
chris_a_thomas	fusionengine	1	Developer
chris_a_thomas	myspanishsucks	1	No specific role
chris_a_thomas	htmlwidget	1	No specific role
chris_a_thomas	solarcell	1	Developer
chris_a_thomas	sshtools	0	No specific role
chris_a_thomas	portableprogram	1	No specific role
chris_biagini	flesh	1	Developer
chris_c	gcicppinterface	0	Developer
chris_c	max-placer	1	No specific role
chris_cologne	openwbt	1	All-Hands Person
chris_conner	cimom-abstract	1	Developer
chris_conrad	nedit	0	Developer
chris_cook123	quarkplusplus	1	Project Manager
chris_cross	psisoft	0	All-Hands Person
chris_czettel	wppluginext	1	No specific role
chris_dk	gnomebaker	0	Developer
chris_donges	firebase-net	1	No specific role
chris_d_smith	mlwww	1	Developer
chris_e_green	askreg	1	No specific role
chris_fauerbach	openemcee	0	No specific role
chris_galanek	calculus	0	Developer
chris_hansen	devwshop	1	No specific role
chris_hardie	dbbrowser	1	No specific role
chris_hardie	cascade	0	No specific role
chris_hardie	webacct	1	No specific role
chris_hardie	ssicomment	1	No specific role
chris_hazard	gqmud	1	Project Manager
chris_hei	gi-gaia	1	Developer
chris_hei	hive-framework	1	No specific role
chris_hei	realtimebattle	0	Developer
chris_hei	rtb-team	0	No specific role
chris_hill	hacksim	1	No specific role
chris_hills	midiplay	1	No specific role
chris_holman	tikiwiki	0	Developer
chris_hu	aambuilder	0	Developer
chris_humphreys	mrpostman	1	Developer
chris_humphries	achaeasystem	1	No specific role
chris_h_wiggins	artstat	1	No specific role
chris_h_wiggins	stat-mod-net	1	No specific role
chris_jenkin	nant	0	Developer
chris_joakim	gooby	1	No specific role
chris_jones_oz	osfi	1	No specific role
chris_joyce	icradius	1	Doc Writer
chris_k	konyvl	1	No specific role
chris_kohlhoff	asio	1	No specific role
chris_kohlhoff	boost	0	Developer
chris_lang	mirth	1	Project Manager
chris_lavigne	web-analytics	1	No specific role
chris_lorenz	towhee	0	No specific role
chris_mahan	xmlrpcasp	1	No specific role
chris_mahan	gne	1	Developer
chris_miner	genius	1	Developer
chris_miner	mmobster	1	Project Manager
chris_moore	vm-spamassassin	1	No specific role
chris_moore	ficsteambot	1	Developer
chris_m_rudd	mirke	0	Developer
chris_m_rudd	wvrfid	0	No specific role
chris_newell	vdheide-id3	0	Developer
chris_newell	id3v2-chap-tool	1	No specific role
chris_newell	id3v2-atxt-tool	1	No specific role
chris_nizzle	ms-ads-tool	1	No specific role
chris_orbit	orbitphpchatter	1	No specific role
chris_ow	openwonders	1	No specific role
chris_pajault	helena-mc	1	Developer
chris_peerman	canvasstudio	1	No specific role
chris_probably	build-o-matic	1	All-Hands Person
chris_probably	trash-shell	1	No specific role
chris_read	stfl	1	No specific role
chris_s	topologi-linux	0	Developer
chris_samuels	jedit	0	Developer
chris_schneider	phpautodoc	1	Developer
chris_schneider	arprelease	1	No specific role
chris_schultz	tuc	1	No specific role
chris_shipley	osct	1	No specific role
chris_stott	embers	1	No specific role
chris_stott	sabrecontrols	1	No specific role
chris_stott	coltrane	1	No specific role
chris_thacker66	rvngofthe5kngdm	0	Developer
chris_thielen	epiar	1	Developer
chris_thielen	epsilonfighter	1	No specific role
chris_thomas68	bizblox	0	Developer
chris_thomas68	prenis	1	Developer
chris_transport	transit-tools	1	No specific role
chris_t_smith	japan	1	No specific role
chris_winn	robbie	1	Developer
chris_y	gtk-amiga	0	Developer
chris_y	arcem	0	No specific role
chris__	limibot	0	Developer
chriwilm	hudbot	1	No specific role
chriz-	ktermemulator	0	Developer
chrizel	dropbox	1	Developer
chrizzy	ndis4avr	1	No specific role
chrizzz	grips	0	Project Manager
chri_ke	landell	0	No specific role
chri_ke	tapioca-voip	0	Developer
chri_se	yast	1	Project Manager
chrj	whitehat	0	All-Hands Person
chrj	wollabot	1	Developer
chrlie	cs-cd	0	Developer
chrls3rd	autotest	0	No specific role
chrm	jtalker-system	1	Project Manager
chrm	lifetime	1	No specific role
chrmanma0	jrci	1	Project Manager
chrmarian	perlwebportal	1	No specific role
chrmars	foge	0	Developer
chrmina	osre	1	No specific role
chrmue7	ec-laby	1	Web Designer
chro	vdp	1	No specific role
chrofran	chromalgema	1	Project Manager
chrohm	exult	0	Developer
chrohner	athletica	1	Project Manager
chrohner	haggle	1	Developer
chroma	docwiz	1	No specific role
chroma	robofac	1	No specific role
chromatic	qdmerge	1	No specific role
chromatic	everydevel	1	Developer
chromatic	jellybean	1	Developer
chromdildo	freelock	0	No specific role
chromecat	rapple	0	Developer
chromecat	touchmegames	0	Graphic/Other Designer
chromedemon	threedsia	0	Web Designer
chromisx	inode	0	Requirements Engineering
chronarc	phporganisation	0	No specific role
chronial	trafanal	0	Developer
chronic19	jspsurveylib	0	Developer
chroniccode	id3net	1	Project Manager
chronicles	adhtml	1	No specific role
chroniq	timeee	1	No specific role
chronno	xtcvs	1	No specific role
chronnos	eafitfs	0	Developer
chrono86	smashpreq	1	Project Manager
chrono86	rssu	1	No specific role
chronocide	scponly	1	No specific role
chronodev	cobelisk	1	Project Manager
chronom11	radi8	1	No specific role
chronomaster	appms	0	Developer
chronos	dijjer	0	No specific role
chronos19	btsiidomotique	1	Developer
chronoss2005	nnp	1	No specific role
chronowarper	wav-clipper	1	No specific role
chronus_	ianout	0	Support Manager
chrootstrap	pipo-bbs	1	No specific role
chrordig	primax	1	No specific role
chrordig	bbps	1	Developer
chroston	osclib	1	No specific role
chroth	b-frame	0	Developer
chrpai	msi-spy	1	No specific role
chrplaetzinger	fitsy	1	Developer
chrriis	eos	0	Developer
chrriis	djproject	1	No specific role
chrriis	udoc	1	No specific role
chrriis	uihierarchy	1	No specific role
chrriis	jcompatibility	1	No specific role
chrriis	swtswing	1	Project Manager
chrroessner	wlan-button	1	No specific role
chrroessner	adminutility	1	Project Manager
chrsaad	agilpro	0	Developer
chrslngfrd	modcom	1	No specific role
chrstphrr	prometheusproj	1	Project Manager
chrstr	thoughtgateway	1	Developer
chrstr	uberblog	0	Developer
chrta	dlanaudioserver	1	Project Manager
chrusionpuroo	civ4ccp	0	No specific role
chrusty	winstb	0	Developer
chrwei	xplug	1	All-Hands Person
chrwei	phpgwapps	0	No specific role
chrwei	phpgroupware	1	Project Manager
chrwei	jabberlib	1	No specific role
chryjs	spipem	1	No specific role
chryjs	searchmifluz	0	No specific role
chryler	stateaid	1	No specific role
chryler	ietest	1	Developer
chryler	gsync	1	No specific role
chrysalis	metalog	1	No specific role
chrysalis	misterproper	1	No specific role
chrysalis	pureftpd	1	Project Manager
chrysalisx	cassandra-ge	1	No specific role
chryso	oworld	1	All-Hands Person
chrysomallos	nmedialibrary	0	No specific role
chrysopa	bioma	1	Project Manager
chrysopa	rrj	1	No specific role
chrystalfaery	tribler	0	Web Designer
chrystalfaery	bittorrent-2	0	Graphic/Other Designer
chrystal_hanson	a-conman	1	Project Manager
chrystophe	genepal	1	No specific role
chrystophe	smlnj	1	Project Manager
chryyz	dotl	0	No specific role
chryzkoid	proftpd-adm	1	No specific role
chr_meyer67	kookbook	1	No specific role
chr_schwarz	autat	1	Developer
chr_schwarz	cubicunit	0	Developer
chr_schwarz	cubictest	1	Project Manager
chs	weekday	1	No specific role
chsbellboy	passwordkeeper	1	Developer
chscheurer	dungasync	1	No specific role
chscheurer	unrarlib	1	No specific role
chschmitt22	estudy	0	Developer
chschroe	clanmod	0	Developer
chschu	tuc-doc-sys	0	Developer
chsciteuser	chscite	1	No specific role
chsgl	win-mysql-bench	1	No specific role
chsharp	puke	1	No specific role
chshon	kreator	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
chshridharrao	openindx	1	No specific role
chsiegenthaler	alphalogic	1	Content Management
chsimon	myreview	0	No specific role
chslarti	gtkcdcat	1	Project Manager
chsn	ivyplugins	0	No specific role
chson	caleve	1	No specific role
chstill	yorick	0	Developer
chstuder	mwlib	1	No specific role
chsxf	visualstory	1	Project Manager
chterka	spacegameengine	0	No specific role
chtiludoo	golfami	1	No specific role
chtito	stones	1	No specific role
chtito	xonx	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
chtito	battlecocoa	1	Developer
chtof	myeasysite	1	No specific role
chtof	netfaq	1	No specific role
chtof	freqdesk	1	No specific role
chtom	kphotobook	1	Doc Writer
chtoron	davis	0	Developer
chtsanti	c-icap	1	No specific role
chtsanti	squid	0	Developer
chtyim	web-news	1	All-Hands Person
chu10	hpc-jmon	0	No specific role
chu11	genders	1	No specific role
chu11	whatsup	1	No specific role
chu11	ipmitool	0	Developer
chu11	bluesmoke	0	Developer
chu11	cerebro	1	No specific role
chu3ck	eumv	0	Developer
chuacheeseng83	suiterunner	0	No specific role
chuawelic	claunch	1	Developer
chubasco	log2any	1	No specific role
chubbard1	cra	0	Developer
chubbboy	logviewer	1	No specific role
chubrilo	jqr	1	No specific role
chucc	kouchat	1	Developer
chuchelo	libiqxmlrpc	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
chuchohsj	hidrosig	0	Developer
chuchunain	noixdecoco	1	No specific role
chuck	libmcal	1	Project Manager
chuck	pear-workflow	0	No specific role
chuck	rakim	0	Developer
chuck	tikiwiki	0	Developer
chuck4b	jove	1	Developer
chuck4b	juno-xlat	1	Developer
chuck5566	openvista	0	Developer
chuck5566	worldvista	0	Project Manager
chuck5566	hardhats	1	Developer
chuckadams	domesu	1	No specific role
chuckbot	cc3	0	Developer
chuckf_16	lakeshore	0	No specific role
chucklan	fnattlab	0	Developer
chuckles	pyios	1	Developer
chucklever	nfs	0	No specific role
chucklyfun	citycontrol	1	No specific role
chucklyfun	pysometric	1	No specific role
chucklyfun	zidzari	1	Developer
chucklz	osmk	0	Developer
chuckmarshall	racemanager	0	Developer
chuckmon	akitalivechat	1	No specific role
chuckmon	akitatech	1	No specific role
chuckmosher	javaseis	1	Project Manager
chuckmount	likewiseopenagt	1	Developer
chucknoris	cncomponents	1	Developer
chuckpint	pcgendocs	0	Developer
chuckpint	pcgen	0	Developer
chuckr30	freepad	1	No specific role
chuckr30	confound	1	No specific role
chuckr30	ute	1	No specific role
chuckroast	pligg	0	No specific role
chucksharp	daemonshield	1	No specific role
chucksonic	nnfds	1	No specific role
chuckw	webvcrplus	1	Project Manager
chuckydogg	borrower	1	Developer
chuckyls	parchive2	0	Developer
chucky_pirate	l2concepts	0	Editorial/Content Writer
chuck_64	ezrequesttrack	1	Developer
chuck_gales	brunhilde	1	No specific role
chuculum	hikari	1	No specific role
chud	wwwforum	0	Developer
chudikm	wf-twister	0	Developer
chudov	amused	1	No specific role
chueh	parasol	0	Developer
chufarj	jobtrackerapp	1	No specific role
chuffycow	scooby	0	No specific role
chug	strutstreeview	1	Developer
chugseymalone	swags	1	Developer
chuhei	ispcc	1	Project Manager
chuhn	twikiplugins	0	Developer
chuhoangnam	firedic	0	Developer
chui101	sodalitas	1	All-Hands Person
chuichun	dotgame	0	Developer
chuiman	extensor	1	No specific role
chuka	openmn	0	Developer
chukbloom	igj	0	Developer
chuke	bbob	1	No specific role
chukie	phpmyarcade	1	No specific role
chukuang	xsim	1	No specific role
chul	t140-pres	0	No specific role
chul	rtp-text-t140	0	No specific role
chul	tipcon1	1	Developer
chul7416	yut	0	Developer
chulbe2lsu	gnumex	0	Developer
chulbe2lsu	matio	1	No specific role
chule	runcms	0	Support Technician
chules	annutils	1	No specific role
chulinn	webplan	1	Project Manager
chumber	daocloganalyse	1	No specific role
chumpa	madt	1	No specific role
chumphreys	validate-odt	1	No specific role
chumple	nlada-library	0	Developer
chungnh	vrms	1	No specific role
chungonn	jcricket	1	No specific role
chunkm0nkey	karmalib	0	Developer
chunkm0nkey	sqsh	1	Developer
chunkygoodness	xmltv	0	Developer
chunkylover	wesnothguide	1	No specific role
chunky_poet	moontower	0	No specific role
chunlee	pure-data	0	No specific role
chunlim	bombtown	1	No specific role
chunmaster	etreeftpd	0	No specific role
chunming	dentalmarq	0	Developer
chunshengyu	tianshanas	1	Editorial/Content Writer
chunshui	tianshanas	1	Project Manager
chunyu	searchftp	0	Developer
chunyun	servicefixture	1	Developer
chunyun	taylor	0	Developer
chupcko	sendmail-pgsql	1	No specific role
chupcko	refacd	1	No specific role
chupcko	vipl	1	No specific role
chupcko	dypfs	1	No specific role
chupcko	bind-pgsql	1	No specific role
chupcko	palm-nurikabe	1	No specific role
chupcko	palm-light-off	1	No specific role
chupix	chupix	1	No specific role
chupos	speedport500fw	1	Project Manager
chupos	servicios-v	1	No specific role
chupy	ftsgamingdev	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
chuq	mpthreename	1	No specific role
chur	jdbsync	1	No specific role
chur	jpdfcalendar	1	No specific role
churchid	fll-sw	0	Developer
churchik	wb-system	1	No specific role
churchoflambda	opendragon01	1	No specific role
churm	php-doc-xls-gen	1	No specific role
churobj	rss4j	1	No specific role
chus	popmap	1	No specific role
chus	komoku	1	No specific role
chusa	ebts	1	Project Manager
chusaro	livingstone	0	Developer
chusi	gophers-den	0	Developer
chuso	urope	0	Developer
chusogar	openglyph	1	Developer
chussenet	jboss	0	Developer
chutabs	chutabs	1	No specific role
chuteman37	moogle	1	No specific role
chuth	cdbng	0	Editorial/Content Writer
chutiporn	xet	1	Developer
chuvava	livemap	1	Project Manager
chux-nbix	yellowfish	1	All-Hands Person
chuzwuzza	frogx0r	1	No specific role
chuzwuzza	scummvm	0	Tester
chuzwuzza	optia	0	No specific role
chuzwuzza	lockedhorns	1	No specific role
chuzwuzza	karmacompiler	1	No specific role
chuzwuzza	spags	1	No specific role
chv	pn-modules	0	Developer
chv	jca1cadapter	0	Developer
chvitaly	scantool	1	Project Manager
chweise	ultimatego	0	No specific role
chwellner	nmm	0	Developer
chwif	dosmrep	1	No specific role
chwo	msc-blue	1	Developer
chwombat	gruftp	1	No specific role
chwon	impact	0	Developer
chy265	linuxfactory	0	No specific role
chyekk	genoviz	1	Project Manager
chyrag	ssic-linux	0	Developer
chyrag	waba	0	Developer
chyrag	kollektive	1	Project Manager
chyrag	ci-linux	0	Developer
chyrag	bugster	1	No specific role
chysfn	ontosphere	1	No specific role
chytrace	saxana	1	Project Manager
chy_hs	mapbased	1	No specific role
chz	miniplanmanager	1	Developer
chz160	vbmuddotnet	0	Developer
ch_fuchs	om-store	1	Developer
ch_girardot	basedb	0	Developer
ch_h_hamza	hscan	1	No specific role
ch_kaiser	spampal	0	Developer
ch_knappke	ids-config	0	All-Hands Person
ch_li	biomodels	1	No specific role
ch_romson	blat	0	Developer
ch_wagner	lcdplugin	0	Developer
ci-dev	filezilla	0	Support Manager
ci206	bugrdspace	0	Support Manager
ciabrini	regblood	1	No specific role
ciabrini	neogeodev	1	No specific role
ciaby	paranox	1	All-Hands Person
ciaccia	phpadsnew	1	Developer
ciaccia	phppgads	1	Developer
ciadesktop	ciadesktop	1	Project Manager
cialdi	bytemark	0	Developer
ciampix	maxima	0	Doc Writer
ciampix	lprof	0	Doc Writer
ciampix	phppgweb	1	Developer
ciampix	wxmaxima	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
ciancaleoni	hborn	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
cianci	swistrack	0	Developer
ciano71	jenoware	1	No specific role
cianoflynn	jkaiui	1	Tester
cianoflynn	xlil	0	Web Designer
cianoflynn	wrapl	0	Web Designer
cianuro	cianuro	1	No specific role
ciaobox	arsenolite	1	All-Hands Person
ciaran	peagnut	1	No specific role
ciarangreene	sr-plugin	1	No specific role
ciaranjessup	wombatshare	1	No specific role
ciaranjessup	anywikidraw	1	Project Manager
ciarant	jrrd	1	No specific role
ciaran_h	inlineproxy	1	No specific role
ciaran_h	openmoz	1	Project Manager
ciaran_h	safari	1	Project Manager
ciaran_h	blobjournal	1	No specific role
ciarek	openwwtp	1	Project Manager
ciba	peklo	1	No specific role
cibars	xs0	1	No specific role
cibelix	openglue	1	No specific role
cibercharlie	dynwebcd	1	Developer
ciberfred	lamip	1	Developer
ciberous	theplanner	1	No specific role
ciberpunk	ciberia	1	No specific role
cibes	yajamesmanager	1	No specific role
cibes	yawebftp	1	No specific role
cibes	yawebmail	1	No specific role
cibi	capimin	1	No specific role
cibi3d	cgmath-sharp	1	Project Manager
cibi3d	one-2-n-crypt	1	Project Manager
cible	bio-info	1	No specific role
ciboire	slate	1	No specific role
ciboire	peakster	1	No specific role
cibomatto	decaldev	1	Developer
cibressus	airbomber	1	No specific role
cibressus	kengine2d	1	Developer
cibu	varamozhi	1	Project Manager
cic99	ghmm	1	Developer
cic99	xmlio	0	Developer
cic99	macat	1	No specific role
cicaia	cicaia	1	No specific role
cicatrin	phbillmanager	1	No specific role
cicatrin	foxpos	1	No specific role
cicatrix1	chaosrts	0	Web Designer
ciccio2000	fetch-webmail	1	No specific role
cicciobello2	lma	1	Project Manager
cicciolo	dynacombus	1	Developer
ciccioloz	universibo	0	Developer
cicciomos	edicolapro	0	Developer
cicconetti	dite	1	No specific role
cicconetti	hats	1	No specific role
cicero66	tbal-lib	1	No specific role
cicero66	web1856	0	Developer
ciceroaugusto	indigente	0	Developer
ciceron	ebcs	1	No specific role
ciceron	jaluna	0	Developer
ciceron	gel	1	Project Manager
ciceron	ppep	1	Developer
cicese	sac	1	Developer
cicogna	tasktlogger	0	Developer
cicovec	itsealing	0	Developer
cid23	liwa	1	No specific role
cider	wavelan-tools	1	Developer
cider101	esbrowsers	1	No specific role
cidercone	sws-uriqa	1	Developer
cidex	jli-gameengine	0	Developer
cidman	tomstatus	1	No specific role
cidoca	carman	1	No specific role
cidofsect9	egstank	0	Developer
cidolfas	sparse-php	1	No specific role
cidrolin	visioncms	1	No specific role
cidsant	fcdsgamelibrary	1	Developer
cidus	freecol	0	Developer
cid_e	rangesim	1	No specific role
cieffe	ecdllibre	0	Developer
cielacanth	garnet	1	Developer
cieplik	cdstat	1	No specific role
cierniak	orp	1	Project Manager
cierny	tmdcwebpad	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cierny	dasher	0	No specific role
cieszynski	neptunus	1	Project Manager
ciever2k	cros	1	No specific role
ciever2k	caramp	1	All-Hands Person
ciever2k	webxmms	1	Project Manager
cif	digitalsook	1	All-Hands Person
cif	slashthemes	1	Project Manager
cif	madchat	0	Web Designer
cigamiga	volimnetircd	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
cigamit	jed-d2h	1	Developer
cigamit	sm-plugins	0	Developer
cigamit	squirrelmail	0	Developer
cigaraficionado	exiframe	1	No specific role
cigaraficionado	fwipsec	1	Developer
ciggieposeur	shiftynet	1	No specific role
cignoni	qutemol	1	No specific role
cignoni	vcg	1	No specific role
cignoni	meshlab	1	Project Manager
cigy	x10mp3	0	Developer
cihanaksakal	tiro	0	Developer
cihankomecoglu	scanhill	1	No specific role
cihanozgen	ibscs	1	No specific role
ciipher	evoting	0	Developer
cijal	abcl	1	No specific role
cijil	metrophix	1	No specific role
cijolly	jollyphysics	1	No specific role
cikcik	mister	1	No specific role
cikgubsd	x-evian	1	No specific role
ciknowles	jatrak	1	No specific role
ciknowles	jgap	0	Developer
cilanntrus	zbm	1	Developer
cilcoder	flipshow	1	No specific role
cilekil	keyjuke	1	No specific role
cilginnis	bpnpp	1	No specific role
cilibrar	complearn	1	Developer
cilibrar	mpiruby	1	No specific role
cilibrar	rubysvm	1	No specific role
cilibrar	ruby-gsl	0	Developer
cilibrar	openeeg	0	No specific role
cilibrar	freenv	1	No specific role
cilibrar	anthill	1	No specific role
cilibrar	jass	0	Developer
cilimdzi	tpox	0	Developer
cillian64	tuxcast	1	Developer
cillian64	snoss	1	No specific role
cilquirm	solarflare	1	No specific role
cilux	cilux	1	No specific role
cilver	oreproject	0	Developer
cilya	pxsystem	0	Doc Writer
cimarrontaylor	qixite	0	Developer
cimatti	jbi4corba	0	No specific role
cimatti	jbi4cics	0	No specific role
cimbi	cz2cz	0	Tester
cime	linuxfm	1	No specific role
cimi86	candido	1	No specific role
cimitan	murrine	1	No specific role
cimlvl	xdoclet-websphe	0	Developer
cimm	diana	1	Developer
cimm	dynamicgotcha	1	Analysis / Design
cimme	savirc	0	Doc Writer
cimmerian	nuweb	1	No specific role
cimnine	ajairc	1	All-Hands Person
cimnine	ircwaynebot	1	Project Manager
cinamod	gtk-wimp	1	Developer
cinamod	swfdec	0	No specific role
cinamod	aiksaurus	1	Project Manager
cinamod	abiword	1	Project Manager
cinamod	librsvg	1	No specific role
cinamod	libots	1	Project Manager
cinamod	wvware	1	Project Manager
cinamori	jpatchutility	1	No specific role
cinamori	conquest-game	1	No specific role
cinamori	unidoc	1	No specific role
cinar	nist	1	No specific role
cinar	opendacq	1	No specific role
cinar	f-prot-wrapper	1	No specific role
cincegan	valkyrja	0	Project Manager
cincin	dftps	1	Developer
cincin	netdraw	1	Project Manager
cincura_net	firebird	0	No specific role
cindango	df2	0	Graphic/Other Designer
cinder-san	jabotabek	1	Project Manager
cinder-san	krinein	1	Project Manager
cinderbdt	logtail	0	Developer
cindio	kihtoua	0	Project Manager
cindyr	cfcodegen	1	No specific role
cindys	theclass-org	0	Developer
cindyzhang	atrisframework	1	Project Manager
cindy_s	trucking-world	1	Developer
cine	jmove	1	No specific role
cinead21	sumatra	1	No specific role
cinek	stupid-ftpd	1	No specific role
cinek	cingb	1	No specific role
cinek	iiview	1	No specific role
cinek	dvorak-kbd	1	No specific role
cinek	rssview	1	Project Manager
cinek	rsslib4j	0	Developer
cinek	paip	1	No specific role
cinemania	animsrenaming	0	Developer
cinen	moodle-kb	0	Developer
cinergi	libnss-mysql	1	No specific role
cinergi	fssos	1	No specific role
cineva	blues-system	1	No specific role
cingusoft	cinguwebmail	1	No specific role
cingusoft	cpcomuni	1	No specific role
cinkler	lportal	0	Developer
cinneide	patchy	1	Developer
cinnion	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
cino	postnukeit	0	Developer
cino	openitalia	1	Developer
cino	maxdev	1	Requirements Engineering
cinod	enterprise	0	No specific role
cinod79	vamp-busters	0	Developer
cinoo	itp	1	No specific role
cinq23	astrar	0	Graphic/Other Designer
cinthilanthe	whm	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cinthilanthe	cpgo	1	All-Hands Person
cinthilanthe	customer-touch	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cinthyaesc	simia	0	No specific role
cintrom	stevenssched	1	No specific role
cinu	ggcslib	1	No specific role
cinxgler	glud-gpf	1	No specific role
cioannou	kodigo	1	Content Management
cioannou	mp3gr	1	No specific role
cioannou	pblib	1	No specific role
cioban	diretorio	1	No specific role
ciocanel	baselog	1	Web Designer
ciokita	gamescrafters	1	Doc Writer
ciole	gstatistics	0	Developer
cionci	diamondcrush	0	Developer
cione82	dlab	0	Developer
cios	ecoll	1	No specific role
ciotog	wmmand	1	No specific role
cip2	visgame	1	Project Manager
cip2	choiceadventur	1	No specific role
cip2	bagz	0	No specific role
cipek	rts-2	0	Developer
ciph3rd	jbad	1	Developer
cipher	ironhells	1	Developer
cipher	eucalyptus	1	Project Manager
cipher	crayzedsgui	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
cipher	torchlight	1	No specific role
cipher9	ajaxnet	1	No specific role
ciphersoftware	aeongdk	1	Developer
ciphersoftware	privwire	1	No specific role
cipherswarm	breakjava	1	Project Manager
cipherz	moontower	1	Developer
cipherz	frifinans	0	Developer
cipherzero	oocr	0	Developer
cipher_man	axolotls	1	No specific role
cipix	ictax	1	Developer
ciplogic	funkycars	0	Developer
cipote	rippleopb	0	Developer
cippax	libgva	1	No specific role
cippo	mailprex	0	Developer
cippo	hawkeye	0	Developer
cippy	liquidnoise	1	Project Manager
cippyboy	ff3dengine	1	No specific role
cippyboy	final-dream	1	No specific role
ciprian	eia	1	No specific role
ciprian1974	but	1	Developer
ciprianmp	phpmychat	0	Developer
ciprian_dobrea	clanhood	1	No specific role
cip_net_ua	cip	1	No specific role
ciran	gnupdate	0	Tester
ciran	gaim	0	Tester
ciran	trousers	0	Tester
circeus	decaldev	0	Developer
circlecast	graintrak	1	No specific role
circlesmiler	yourcms	1	No specific role
circl_admin	circl	1	No specific role
circuitconcepts	acs	1	No specific role
circuitsoft	ledutils	1	No specific role
cireland	cliserv	1	Project Manager
cires2143	wems	1	Developer
ciresnave	cspi	1	No specific role
ciriacosforza	other-studio	0	Developer
cirne	tikpkgs	0	No specific role
cironian	contelligent	1	Project Manager
cironian	websody	0	Developer
cironian	wedgetarian	1	Developer
cironian	warpcore	1	No specific role
cironian	xml-im-exporter	0	Developer
cironian	postamt	1	Project Manager
cirotteau	filmone	1	Project Manager
cirotteau	nonsolopitch	1	No specific role
cirquitz	cabin	0	Project Manager
cirrus	nimbus-protocol	1	Project Manager
cirrus	ganesha-rdf	1	No specific role
cirrusrex	vscweb	1	Project Manager
cirrusrex	owasp-input-api	0	No specific role
cirrusrex	picklelang	1	Developer
cirrus_	wind	1	Developer
cirruz	filecollector	1	No specific role
cirruz	freesnmp	1	Project Manager
cirruz	jconstructs	1	No specific role
cirruz	bellum	1	No specific role
cirruz	atomicdate	1	No specific role
cirruz	antimatter	1	No specific role
cirruz	getlinks	1	No specific role
cirruz	hotstuff	1	No specific role
cirruz	clame	1	No specific role
cirta	porodnice	0	No specific role
cirus	spiralvoid	1	No specific role
ciryon	prioutil	1	No specific role
ciryon	jnetedit	1	No specific role
cis-dev1	ipeer	0	Tester
cis36a_core	cis36a-core	1	No specific role
cisc	bochs	0	Developer
cisc	lame	0	Developer
ciscbrain	bluegen	1	No specific role
ciscllc	cfmsadmin	1	No specific role
ciscllc	eventcalender	1	No specific role
ciscllc	ultidate	1	No specific role
cisco281	sevenerpcrm	1	No specific role
ciscodisco	salento	1	Developer
ciscodisco	post282	1	No specific role
ciscoswitch	rgsadmin	1	Developer
cisco_	tierramedia	1	Developer
cisco_	e-game	0	Developer
ciseli	jad	1	Web Designer
ciskosv	solicont	1	Developer
cismaru	hangman-ruby	1	No specific role
cismet	cismap	0	Developer
cismet	cids-toolkit	0	Developer
cisneror	spipe	1	Developer
cissie_carrie	sacred	0	Developer
cissmjg	clipsinterface	1	No specific role
cissmjg	clipscpp	1	No specific role
cissmjg	dotknight	1	No specific role
cissmjg	mtclips	1	Developer
cissou	andromda	0	Developer
cissou	andromdaplugins	0	Developer
cisst	arghfx	1	Graphic/Other Designer
cistems	catgen	0	No specific role
cisterni	cppreflect	0	No specific role
cisterni	sxml	1	No specific role
cisterni	usbwisec	0	Developer
cisterni	tmsimulator	1	No specific role
cisterni	jsame	1	No specific role
cisterni	loacker	1	No specific role
cisterni	loama	1	No specific role
cit-alan	qsurvey	1	No specific role
citanus	citafw	1	No specific role
cite	sbvp	1	No specific role
citecpdg	itologmon	1	Developer
citeecn	mapeasy	0	Developer
citibob	peeragent	1	Project Manager
citiprodev0	citical	0	No specific role
citizen0	newbieproject	1	No specific role
citizen14	freelancerhook	1	All-Hands Person
citizenrobertk	deardiary	1	No specific role
citizen_x	conky	0	Tester
citking	hal2sym	1	No specific role
cito	webware	1	Developer
citoc	qbati2	1	Project Manager
citonx600	citonx600	1	No specific role
citonx600	eville	1	No specific role
citonx600	nerdsoft-os	0	Graphic/Other Designer
cits	mam-python	1	No specific role
cits	twais	0	Developer
citu_adrian	gojms	1	No specific role
cityangel	heigvd-kawa	0	Developer
cityangel	xracing	1	No specific role
citydog	firestormos	0	Developer
cityforfree	indexcity	1	No specific role
cityriver	iiiasn1	1	Project Manager
city_hunter	quaqut	1	No specific role
city_hunter	pkgsummon	1	No specific role
city_of_nanaimo	itmon	1	No specific role
ciukes	quickpublish	1	Analysis / Design
ciukes	hshop	1	No specific role
ciuly	quickee	0	No specific role
ciuly	opendchub	0	Developer
ciurana	logcop	1	No specific role
civ2buf	anarchonomy	1	No specific role
civa_hg	lewis-structure	1	No specific role
cive	quilt	0	No specific role
civevolution	free-evolution	1	Unix Admin
civicrm	civicrm	0	No specific role
civictsi	pgmfi	0	Developer
cividan	vcmu	0	Developer
civphp	nemesisplus	1	Developer
civwarbuff	wargamer	0	Developer
ciwatson	emu	0	Developer
cix	arianne	0	Graphic/Other Designer
cix70	kgbmencoder	1	No specific role
cix_foo	java-game-lib	1	All-Hands Person
cix_foo	spgl	1	No specific role
cizard	phpcast	0	Developer
cizard	dutchpad	1	No specific role
cj-tronquet	arftp	1	No specific role
cj101	phpoto	0	Doc Writer
cj11	reeferx	1	No specific role
cj64	hlmaster	1	All-Hands Person
cja	aquariumapplet	1	No specific role
cja	gai	1	No specific role
cja	g2as	1	No specific role
cjacek	wine	0	Developer
cjackiewicz	ilohamail	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cjacob	controlstate	1	No specific role
cjahn	pingupump	1	Developer
cjames53	openbabel	0	Developer
cjanz	oosys	0	Developer
cjara	paleomail	1	No specific role
cjard	blankserver	1	No specific role
cjard	dwautsav	1	No specific role
cjashfor	cdt-gnu-ppc	1	No specific role
cjassoc	mitopensource	0	No specific role
cjastram	fdkcpp	1	No specific role
cjaymes	goshawk	1	No specific role
cjbarone	swchat	1	No specific role
cjbarroso	qt-autosql	1	No specific role
cjbooms	jmlspecs	0	Developer
cjbooms	multijava	0	Developer
cjbryan	elara	1	No specific role
cjc	opensourcecrm	0	No specific role
cjcampbell	mobileiiop	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
cjcampbell	value	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
cjcampbell	devashishb	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
cjcampbell	con-man	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
cjcf	tt2	1	Project Manager
cjcole	swingwt	0	Developer
cjcollier	gshop	1	Developer
cjcollier	ncftpd-authd	0	Developer
cjcollier	community-bildr	1	No specific role
cjcollier	xinace	1	No specific role
cjcollier	zipcodedb	1	Developer
cjcollier	dnpb	1	Developer
cjcormack	edpos	1	Project Manager
cjcormack	tntt	1	No specific role
cjcormack	vpg	1	No specific role
cjcormack	prontonote	1	No specific role
cjcronin	worm-tracking	1	Developer
cjcutler	lisatools	0	Developer
cjdance	browserlaunch2	0	Developer
cjdarken	delta3d	0	Developer
cjdavis	openbios	1	Project Manager
cjdebenh	reqtool	1	No specific role
cjdebenh	lcdproc	0	No specific role
cjdebenh	lds	1	No specific role
cjdebenh	libmtp	0	Developer
cjdevers	uilib-oai	0	All-Hands Person
cjdideles	mobileblogger	1	No specific role
cjdj	vitello	1	No specific role
cjean	gproc	1	No specific role
cjean	mgstick	1	No specific role
cjean	proxymizer	0	Developer
cjenkins	tpdd	1	No specific role
cjennings	gutenreader	1	No specific role
cjensen	epcconnect	1	No specific role
cjentile	calliope	0	No specific role
cjep	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
cjerome	posterita	0	Developer
cjerome	adempiere	0	Developer
cjfeist	cjfeist	1	No specific role
cjgoode	imce	1	No specific role
cjgreenaway	clientsession	1	No specific role
cjgreenaway	cantocomb	1	No specific role
cjgribel	vectrix3d	1	No specific role
cjharris98	dcserver	0	Developer
cjhigh	phpmyfiles	1	Developer
cjhjacobs	tack	0	No specific role
cjhowe	ezofbiz	1	Developer
cjhowe	ofbiz-sandbox	1	No specific role
cjhuitt	hephaestus	1	Project Manager
cjingren	proplatform	1	No specific role
cjiph	afuse	1	Developer
cjiph	dvbt-player	1	No specific role
cjkent	jedit	0	No specific role
cjkimme	tahoe	1	Project Manager
cjkrumb	gpip	1	No specific role
cjl7	hostmanagement	1	No specific role
cjl7	obrt	1	Project Manager
cjlars	xhp	1	Project Manager
cjlars	hed	1	All-Hands Person
cjlars	eclipse-sdcc	0	Developer
cjlars	rosa	1	Project Manager
cjlaurel	celestia	1	No specific role
cjllewellyn	sitesize	1	No specific role
cjlyth	file-tools	1	No specific role
cjm2	weeblefm	1	All-Hands Person
cjmandrake	opencombat	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
cjmandrake	bzflag	0	Tester
cjmasi	ldglite	0	Developer
cjmcdona	openb2b	0	Developer
cjmcf529	vitalstate	0	Editorial/Content Writer
cjmerkl	loneranger	1	Project Manager
cjmueller	wlog	1	Developer
cjmueller	pyunzip	1	No specific role
cjn	log-insight	1	All-Hands Person
cjnaudet	anitacode	0	No specific role
cjne	ofbiz	0	Developer
cjnr11	archopen	0	Developer
cjnr11	linav	0	Developer
cjnr11	garme	0	No specific role
cjnygard	boost-sandbox	0	No specific role
cjo24601	hnclient	1	Project Manager
cjodea	jfeeds	1	No specific role
cjoergensen	phpclassbuilder	1	No specific role
cjohner	ocl4java	1	No specific role
cjohns	visual-mingw	0	Developer
cjohns	bdm	1	Project Manager
cjohns	mingw	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
cjordan79	tigerbooks	1	No specific role
cjorenby	sociopath	0	Developer
cjp	freeglut	0	Developer
cjpedersen	sbw	0	Project Manager
cjpedersen	biospice	1	Project Manager
cjramirez	cancerbero	1	Project Manager
cjrams	servicebus	1	No specific role
cjrowe	mnemosynerefmgr	0	Developer
cjs	netbsd-soc	0	Project Manager
cjs	neurogrid	0	Developer
cjs	pgtools	1	No specific role
cjs	poprelay	1	No specific role
cjs	servtest	1	No specific role
cjs	ruby-radclient	1	No specific role
cjs	randread	1	No specific role
cjs	keitaidata	0	All-Hands Person
cjs226	db2clientinst	1	No specific role
cjsamssoft	frame-mail	1	No specific role
cjschyma	j-wings	0	Developer
cjscott	blogware-php	1	No specific role
cjserio	libxplanemp	1	Developer
cjsmall	unclutter	1	No specific role
cjsoftuk	officeshare	1	No specific role
cjsoftuk	phptracking	1	No specific role
cjstehno	eplug	1	Developer
cjstehno	eclipsefrills	1	No specific role
cjstehno	imgen	1	No specific role
cjstehno	sjrf	1	No specific role
cjstehno	taggerplugin	1	No specific role
cjstehno	baggage	1	No specific role
cjstehno	acceleration	1	No specific role
cjstehno	jmeplugin	1	Developer
cjt	pinar	1	All-Hands Person
cjt01	dockapp-osx	1	Project Manager
cjtait	ardreil	0	All-Hands Person
cjternus	anagrade	1	No specific role
cjternus	metaconv	1	No specific role
cjthomas	ardreil	0	Project Manager
cjthomas	cif2tribes	1	No specific role
cjthompson	revenant	0	No specific role
cjudt	astero	1	Developer
cjuergen	dspace	0	Developer
cjuergens	tpvplanit	0	Developer
cjunkie	home-ims	0	Developer
cjunky	plexusircd	1	Developer
cjuon	form4j	1	No specific role
cjus	msgsrv	1	No specific role
cjus	msgcourier	1	No specific role
cjus	cbgui	1	Project Manager
cjv	p2pmud	0	Developer
cjwalsh	odels	1	No specific role
cjwalsh	buoy-data	1	No specific role
cjwatson	man-db	1	Developer
cjwatson	denemo	0	No specific role
cjwatson	trn	0	No specific role
cjwcjw	repast	0	Developer
cjxmccac	pimpquest	1	No specific role
cjy	delux	0	Developer
cj_chris	sodisp	1	No specific role
cj_cliffe	fractalfarm	1	No specific role
cj_cliffe	cubicvr	1	No specific role
cj_randall	linux-mac68k	0	Developer
cj_scrapper	moast	0	Developer
cj_scrapper	usarsim	0	Developer
ck-one	wagen	0	Developer
ck1	thejoker	1	Developer
ck85	nomik	0	No specific role
ckack	kea	1	No specific role
ckadura	architecturware	0	Developer
ckarai	krusader	0	Developer
ckarakus	rulesys	1	No specific role
ckarakus	openfix	1	No specific role
ckarakus	yazilimdesen	1	No specific role
ckargl	forevermore	0	Developer
ckarlof	tinyos	0	Developer
ckarlof	tinylocation	1	Developer
ckate	transferware	0	Project Manager
ckater	studip	1	Developer
ckbcouture	vic	1	Project Manager
ckbcouture	py-mycms	1	Developer
ckblack007	dacfr	0	Developer
ckbrown1000	timochook	0	Developer
ckbrown1000	x-browser	1	No specific role
ckchris	echomine	1	No specific role
ckchris	muse	1	No specific role
ckchui	simpy	0	Developer
ckdake	gallery-contrib	1	Project Manager
ckdake	gallery	1	Project Manager
ckeat	yanime	1	No specific role
ckedem	harbour-project	0	Developer
ckeeper	ftpserv	1	No specific role
ckeigher	phpusagi	1	No specific role
ckell	magicmap	0	Developer
ckempen	pn-modules	0	Developer
ckempen	whitetip	1	Project Manager
ckentgeorge	openccrc	1	No specific role
ckern	zangband	0	No specific role
ckevinhill	desktpdelicious	1	No specific role
ckhormaee	cdap	1	No specific role
ckhormaee	k-sketch	0	Developer
ckhrysze	gmirc	1	Project Manager
ckiehl	subpersistence	0	Developer
ckiesch	gpstk	0	Developer
ckiewiet	ircmiss	1	No specific role
ckilburn	strangebrew	0	Developer
ckilee	anatrolivre	0	Developer
ckindel	mcecontroller	1	No specific role
cking4live	mwmw	1	No specific role
cking4live	miranda-me	0	Developer
cking4live	vmod-player	1	No specific role
ckinniburgh	msdesigner	1	No specific role
ckir	wicket-stuff	0	All-Hands Person
ckirkendall	jhtml	0	Developer
ckirkendall	jmaths	0	Developer
ckirkw	clipsit	0	Developer
ckislam	arab	1	No specific role
ckislam	tgup	1	No specific role
ckjamesb	openzz	1	Developer
ckjbeos	sg1	1	Developer
ckkart	lorentz	1	Developer
cklaiber	mytemp	1	No specific role
cklar	threedebug	1	Developer
cklein	libfreedb	0	Developer
cklein05	freeimage	0	Developer
ckleineweber	gaus	0	Developer
cklester	rapideuphoria	1	Developer
ckliemann	openjf	1	Project Manager
cklim78	vobject	1	No specific role
cklipsch	catakig	1	Project Manager
cklisch	projectmanagfh	1	Developer
cklomp	ccandwb	1	All-Hands Person
ckluss	simdistribution	1	No specific role
ckm	eventengine	1	No specific role
ckm0089	gtt	0	Developer
ckmod	nosmokecounter	1	No specific role
cknerr	orion-forum	1	Developer
cknerr	ctrackphpbb	1	No specific role
ckngo	amsproject	1	Developer
cknightb	limbs	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
cknightb	minor	0	Developer
cknoerle	palcal	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cknoerle	ed2k-gtk-gui	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cknudsen	dbi4php	1	No specific role
cknudsen	k5njournal	1	No specific role
cknudsen	jxmlss	1	No specific role
cknudsen	javacaltools	1	No specific role
cknudsen	webcalendar	1	Project Manager
cknudsen	ilib	1	No specific role
ckob	servant	1	No specific role
ckodonnell	g3d-cpp	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
ckodonnell	wxcurl	1	Project Manager
ckoelle	xtype	0	Developer
ckoelle	xmlutil	0	Developer
ckoelle	jtestcase	1	Developer
ckoenigsberg	cage	1	Developer
ckoepf	lunabyte	0	No specific role
ckoester	cosi-nms	0	Developer
ckohler	pride-proteome	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
ckohler	intact	0	No specific role
ckolderup	mysquirrel	1	Developer
ckolderup	videotag	1	Developer
ckolumbus	linal	1	Developer
ckolve	liquidmaya	0	Developer
ckorda	mixere	1	Developer
ckorda	whorld	1	Developer
ckorda	ffrend	1	No specific role
ckotso	panoptis	1	Project Manager
ckovac	xpay	1	No specific role
ckovar	common-config	1	No specific role
ckozus	iseries-toolkit	0	Developer
ckozus	fofredux	0	Developer
ckpt_martin	simpad	0	Developer
ckrause	adhocster	1	Project Manager
ckrauter	freenet-python	0	No specific role
ckreidl	embsys-mp3	0	Developer
ckreiler	stepmod	0	Developer
ckreiler	dexlib	1	Developer
ckriese	xml11	0	Developer
ckrippner	zanebug	0	Doc Writer
ckroom	sircl	1	No specific role
ckroom	inetlib	1	No specific role
ckrotcov	hotstream	1	Developer
ckruk	ooomakro	1	No specific role
ckruk	ooomacro	1	No specific role
ckruk	testmail	1	No specific role
ckruse	libtemplate	1	No specific role
ckruse	selfforum	1	Developer
ckruse	sbu	1	No specific role
ckruse	mod-gzip	1	No specific role
cks	openvrml	1	No specific role
ckstall	dijimarc	1	No specific role
cktakahasi	bluez	0	Developer
cktaylor	substandard	1	Developer
ckthorp	klustakwik	0	Developer
ckudige	openvec	1	No specific role
ckudige	umlwin32	1	No specific role
ckudige	guipod	1	No specific role
ckuester	jjs-bdd	0	Developer
ckuethe	gpstk	0	Developer
ckuethe	pks	0	No specific role
ckujawa	feman	1	No specific role
ckuka	melsa2	1	No specific role
ckulas	cuf	0	No specific role
ckult	ksquirrel	1	No specific role
ckummer	tpmmonitor	1	Developer
ckunst	squid	0	Developer
ckurecka	exposed	1	No specific role
ckuroki	umbrello2sql	1	No specific role
ckuschel	organise-fw	0	Developer
ckutzner	w3lvisualizer	1	Developer
ckuyehar	piglet	1	No specific role
ckvsoft	phpmywebhosting	1	Project Manager
ckvsoft	k3b	1	Developer
ckwhite	wordcorr	0	Tester
ckwienken	slideshow2006	1	No specific role
ckwu	ck-erp	1	No specific role
ckwu	ck-ledger	1	No specific role
ckx	wingsos	1	Developer
ckyc	libweb	1	Developer
ckyc	leaps	1	Developer
ck_photobase	photobase	0	Developer
ck_tung	openwebmail	0	Developer
cl-developer	kowari	0	Developer
cl-mrmagoo	trucking-world	1	Developer
cl00bie	phpwebsite-comm	0	Developer
cl00bie	eggforge	1	No specific role
cl00bie	snirc	1	Project Manager
cl0wn	j-waste	1	Developer
cl360	vitamin	1	Unix Admin
cl3b34	oosl	1	Project Manager
cl3m	gsn	0	Web Designer
cl4ud10	pyagend	1	No specific role
cl4ud10	thew	1	No specific role
cl4ud10	theama	1	No specific role
cl4ud10	shan	1	No specific role
cl9sfors	kryp	1	No specific role
claas-ms	estudy	0	Developer
claassen	ltsb	1	No specific role
claasthiele	r42	1	No specific role
claasthiele	molybdenum	1	No specific role
claasthiele	patchwork	1	No specific role
claasthiele	wycel	1	No specific role
claas_	graphml2vrml	0	No specific role
clabaut	scalc	1	No specific role
claborne	tikiwiki	0	Developer
clac	unicore	0	No specific role
clach04	vade-mecum	0	Developer
clach04	yacddb	1	No specific role
clach04	kpg	1	No specific role
clach04	md-wysiwyg	1	Developer
clach04	dialdtmf	1	No specific role
cladden	digidash	1	Developer
cladden	squirtlog	1	No specific role
cladisch	usb-midi-fw	1	All-Hands Person
cladisch	alsa	0	Developer
claesh1	keywords	1	No specific role
claesjac	parseperl	0	Developer
claesjo	infoglue	0	Developer
claevius	syslogstat	1	Project Manager
clafonta	mockey	1	No specific role
claforte	colladamaya	1	No specific role
clafou	hatari	0	Developer
clahti	w2lmt	1	No specific role
claird	tcllib	0	Developer
clairegriffin	lockss	1	No specific role
clairejjt	suave	1	Graphic/Other Designer
clairvoyant2	fbrat	1	No specific role
clajoie	tomcatbook	1	Project Manager
clam	ipersonal	0	Developer
clam80	gfactory	0	Developer
clam80	genesis-birds	1	All-Hands Person
clamatius	combinewars	1	Project Manager
clamatius	whichbot	1	Project Manager
clamav_server	clamwin-admin	1	No specific role
clamb	xpj	0	Developer
clameter	tbox	1	No specific role
clamle	jmorph	1	No specific role
clamothe	pablesticky	1	Developer
clampr	gravel	1	No specific role
clampr	siesta	1	No specific role
clanche	testbanksystem	1	Developer
clancpu	mapdload	1	No specific role
clancymalcolm	logitest	0	Developer
clandaith	wh40kip	1	No specific role
clandau	capros	1	No specific role
clander	meshbox	0	Developer
clander	php-blog	0	Developer
clandestine	pcrpg5	1	Developer
clandestine	bsdbot	0	Developer
clandestino_bgd	gate	0	Developer
clandone	sv1	0	Developer
clango	audioscrobbler	0	No specific role
clanie	synon2hbm	1	No specific role
clanjava	portencross	1	Project Manager
clank	cayambe	0	Developer
clanning	step-toybox	1	No specific role
clanning	exp-engine	1	No specific role
clanotb	esun	0	Web Designer
clanplan	clanplan	1	No specific role
clansco	meslistes	1	No specific role
clanserv	clanman	1	No specific role
clanserv	queryserver	1	No specific role
clansfor	uacm	0	Developer
clansley	lcdsmartie	1	Developer
clansley	lcdproc	0	Developer
clansley	palmorb	1	Developer
clanwolfer	dsdevguild	0	Developer
claplace	dev-cpp	1	All-Hands Person
claplace	synedit	0	No specific role
claplace	wired	0	Developer
claratte	openflyers	1	Project Manager
clarav	yatikiri	0	Developer
clarencedang	dosemu	0	Developer
clarencedang	libmswrite	1	No specific role
clarencedang	kolourpaint	1	Project Manager
claricety	project1	0	All-Hands Person
claritza-abreu	web-its	0	Developer
clark	enzyme	1	No specific role
clark	smoot	1	No specific role
clark-oss	wsbpeltc	0	No specific role
clarkcase	yahoogrouparch	1	No specific role
clarkeandrew	dijjer	0	No specific role
clarkedm	jspruce	0	Developer
clarkema	kragma	1	No specific role
clarkhit	searchftp	0	Developer
clarkos	sfxgenx	1	No specific role
clarkos	soap-box	1	No specific role
clarkos	alexandria	1	Requirements Engineering
clarkware	junit	0	No specific role
clarkwright	javahmo	0	Developer
clark_obrien	prismrules	1	No specific role
claros	j2easy	0	Unix Admin
clarsen	autoburn	1	No specific role
clarusthedogcow	seppuku-editor	1	Developer
clas00904	ezthumbnail	1	No specific role
clasen	openjade	0	No specific role
clashrux	dynamicimap	1	No specific role
class007	ijet	1	No specific role
class007	xanthia	1	Developer
class007	cpforum	1	All-Hands Person
classalle	sophos-edu	0	Developer
classam	steve-votesys	1	No specific role
classaxe	mks	1	Developer
classaxe	mks-sourceforge	1	Project Manager
classc_abc	arm-mingw	1	No specific role
classen	dtddoc2	1	No specific role
classen	exploringxml	1	No specific role
classenmischa	htmlearn	0	Developer
classens	goanna	0	Developer
classic	eslib	1	No specific role
classicboss302	euchresharp	1	No specific role
classicgmr	freedo	0	Web Designer
classicmc	sf2k	0	Developer
classicwuhao	ghostmgr	0	Developer
classmember	trainsimulator	0	Developer
classusr	theclass-org	0	Developer
clatulip	symtone	1	No specific role
claudemir_daluz	mysql-klik	1	Developer
claudemir_daluz	koflinux	1	Developer
claudenw	imago	1	Project Manager
claudenw	demitrius	1	Developer
claudenw	xenei	1	Project Manager
claudenw	thales	1	Project Manager
claudep	macsword	0	No specific role
claudewsmith	spampal	0	Developer
claude_jard	orc	0	Developer
claudia	xoops	0	Developer
claudiaif	weso	0	Developer
claudia_alexa	sqina5	1	Developer
claudia_cossu	jepi	0	Tester
claudia_schmidt	nhag	0	Developer
claudia_solis	ixim	0	Web Designer
claudinho	artofwar	0	Developer
claudio-silva	php4e	0	No specific role
claudio1981	pdf4phpnuke	1	No specific role
claudio2	xrally	0	No specific role
claudio72	yarp0	0	Developer
claudio87	fink	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
claudiocordara	boltznet	1	Project Manager
claudiofsr	gnormalize	1	No specific role
claudiofsr	dialog-mp3-list	1	No specific role
claudiogiu	jfex	1	No specific role
claudiogut	pi2m	0	Developer
claudiohhirose	pr3287w	1	No specific role
claudiolmc	jpap	1	Developer
claudiolmc	deliverer	0	No specific role
claudiolmc	floggy	0	Developer
claudiolmc	ezmid	1	No specific role
claudionatoli	e-ark	0	Developer
claudiopi	jcv	1	Project Manager
claudiosucca	mailbrowse	1	No specific role
claudiotorbinio	careplan	1	No specific role
claudiotorbinio	care2002	0	Developer
claudio_andre	openwengo	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
claudio_c_75	eps-cms	1	No specific role
claudiuc	lkr	1	All-Hands Person
claudiuc	irda	1	Project Manager
claudiuc	pureftpd	1	Developer
claudiuc	openobex	0	Web Designer
claudiux	zwook	0	Developer
claudiu_cristea	oo-ro	0	Unix Admin
claudiu_nv	darkbytes	0	Developer
claudiu_nv	cdconstruct	1	Developer
claudiu_se	seide-433	1	No specific role
claud_h82	sp2a	0	No specific role
claule	textolivre	0	Developer
claunia	dvx	0	Developer
claurent	m-engine	0	No specific role
clauret	diffx	1	Project Manager
claus77	solplayer	1	No specific role
clausa	zbws	1	No specific role
clausd	wintools	0	Developer
clausej	insectj	1	Developer
clausmuus	mld	1	No specific role
clausparkhoi	elfisk	0	Developer
clausradloff	simplelayout	1	Project Manager
clausschrammel	wuzler	1	No specific role
clausstie	chi	1	Developer
clausted	biosap	0	Developer
claustres	ray-of-light	1	No specific role
clausvb	vlib	1	Developer
clauswahlers	ugo	1	Project Manager
clauswahlers	dengmx	1	Project Manager
clauswimmer	genomdiff	1	No specific role
clausy	java-arkanoid	1	No specific role
claus_kuethe	pdo-ns	1	No specific role
claus_lund	php-syslog-ng	1	Developer
clavaud	astree	1	No specific role
clavaud	druid	0	Developer
clavaud	ulogger	1	Project Manager
clavdiusoft	postnaevidenca	1	No specific role
clavelei	nokialib	1	No specific role
clavelei	gpslib	1	No specific role
clavelei	gpilots	1	No specific role
clavettm	hcs	1	Project Manager
clavettm	linuxha	0	Project Manager
clavey	lsb	0	Doc Writer
clavreul	fudaa	1	Project Manager
claw	openstatserver	0	Developer
claw	rsoap	1	Developer
claw	rstatserver	0	Developer
clawe	musiccenter	0	Developer
clawed	turtle-search	1	No specific role
clawed	simple-forum	1	No specific role
clawed	phpreview	1	No specific role
clawfrank	goim	0	Developer
clawlor	svgdashboard	1	No specific role
clawlor	nwrocig	0	Developer
clawsss	t2web	1	Developer
clawz	dynpageplus	1	Developer
clax90	xenopim	1	No specific role
clax90	xenobox	1	No specific role
claxo	magicor	0	Developer
clayasaurus	claytek	1	No specific role
clayburnwj	i-packager	1	Developer
clayburnwj	unicode-helper	1	Developer
clayburnwj	database-viewer	1	Developer
clayburnwj	jc-printer	1	Project Manager
clayburnwj	ess-news-reader	1	Project Manager
claycbr600	sencilla	0	Developer
claydogg	ordweb	0	Developer
claymen	openmediaplaya	1	All-Hands Person
claymm	pocketp2p	1	No specific role
claymore1	openanno	0	Developer
claymore1	sane-authentec	1	No specific role
claypl	kmleague	1	No specific role
claytantor23	subscriba	1	No specific role
claytoncurmi	mmorpg-creator	1	No specific role
claytonious	demeter	1	No specific role
claytonw	drod	0	No specific role
clayton_b	qzarch	0	Developer
clay_shooter	jacob-project	1	Project Manager
cla_283	rotk	1	Graphic/Other Designer
cla__	classyphp	1	No specific role
clbeck	oracle-apex	0	Developer
clbeeson	ecdsainterface	1	All-Hands Person
clblais	xmsf	0	Developer
clbnet	illuyankas	1	Project Manager
clbnet	phpnmea	0	No specific role
clbnet	comanco	1	No specific role
clboertien	josrts	0	Developer
clcavanaugh	konnections	0	All-Hands Person
cldl0	music-sequencer	1	Developer
cldlss	nfproxy	1	No specific role
cle1109	biosig	0	Developer
cleaner	hlds-mon	0	No specific role
clearchris	grandcentral	1	No specific role
clearer	empeng	1	No specific role
clearer	mud20	1	All-Hands Person
clearfieldc	iwp	0	No specific role
clearjump	clearparse	1	No specific role
clearly	webq	1	No specific role
clearlyclarion	clearfox	1	Developer
clearmenot	zefania-sharp	0	Analysis / Design
clearsthescreen	dicebot	1	No specific role
clearsthescreen	pmcd	1	No specific role
clearyss	mylivecd	1	Developer
clear_beast	amsn	0	Graphic/Other Designer
clebeaupin	archetypes	0	No specific role
clebeaupin	collective	0	Developer
clebeaupin	zwiki	0	No specific role
clebeaupin	ingeniweb	1	Project Manager
cleberjr	inhunmi	1	No specific role
cleberjr	mysql-dbx	1	No specific role
clebert	jotax	1	No specific role
clebert	jlibole	1	Developer
clebert	jboss	0	Developer
cleberwillian	jsenna	0	Developer
cleberwillian	tipos	0	Developer
cleber_z	chessd	0	Developer
clebson	caboquinho	1	No specific role
cleclerc	barcodes4xslfo	1	No specific role
cledith	automote	0	Developer
cledou	fastcaisse	1	No specific role
clee	opencxx	0	No specific role
clee	sping	1	No specific role
clee	vector-agg	0	Developer
clee	reportlab	0	No specific role
clee	piddle	1	No specific role
clee	pingo	1	No specific role
clee	matpy	0	Developer
cleetaylor	puzzlerpy	0	No specific role
cleetusb	the-tout	1	No specific role
cleeus	retina	0	Developer
cleghorn	jporta	0	Developer
cleghorn	jeenius	0	Developer
clegro	feudalsim	0	Graphic/Other Designer
clehmann	xbmcmythtv	1	Developer
cleik	wmbiff	0	Developer
cleik	amcl	0	Developer
cleit	libxls	1	No specific role
cleitonfco	lib-uespi	1	Developer
cleiton_diniz	intellime	0	No specific role
cleka	colossus	0	Developer
cleliofs	oxe	0	No specific role
cleliofs	vensso	0	No specific role
clelland	olsr-olod	1	No specific role
clem1	ndp-sk	1	No specific role
clem1	ndping	1	No specific role
clem1	ndpwatch	1	No specific role
clem1	isicng	1	No specific role
clem1	ddaddos	1	No specific role
clem128	p4p	1	Developer
clem131	foat	0	Analysis / Design
clem38fr	gitmail	1	No specific role
clemburg	perlunit	1	Developer
clemburg	openinteract	0	No specific role
clemens123	alcomacco	0	No specific role
clemensb	openparsec	1	Project Manager
clemensbrust	ac3d	1	No specific role
clemense	romans	1	No specific role
clemense	jtris	1	No specific role
clemensk_	phake	1	No specific role
clemenslakner	mrbayes	0	Developer
clemensrenner	revive	1	Project Manager
clemensrenner	auroragame	1	Developer
clemensv	plumbworkorange	0	No specific role
clemensv	dasblogce	0	Developer
clemensv	xsd-de	1	Project Manager
clementcadbury	passgest	1	No specific role
clementi1800	tagmaker	1	No specific role
clementloh	enterprise	0	Developer
clementsoullard	pianoat	1	No specific role
clements_	zsnes-docs	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
clementv	ckrm	0	Developer
clement_hongler	swistrack	0	Developer
clement_ml	timebreach	0	Requirements Engineering
clement_oudot	loadtesting	0	Web Designer
clement_oudot	interldap	1	Doc Writer
clement_renard	savonet	0	Developer
clemey	w-s-c	0	No specific role
clemix	jremotetail	1	No specific role
clemmer	feingold08	0	Developer
clempaul	ha3dterrain	0	Web Designer
clemsom	p4p	1	Developer
clendenan	codestriker	0	Developer
cleo-3s	cleo-3s	1	Project Manager
cleong	davim	1	No specific role
cleong	mowa	1	No specific role
cleoni	enterprisexp	1	No specific role
cleoni	johanna	0	Developer
cleoni	underworldgame	1	No specific role
cleoni	dbjam	1	No specific role
cleoni	dimensionex	1	Project Manager
clepple	fink	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
clepple	adspsim	1	All-Hands Person
clepple	c6x-tools	1	Developer
clepple	linux-hotplug	0	Developer
clepple	koinpurse	1	No specific role
cleptho	kameleon	0	Developer
cleret	serverinventory	1	No specific role
clerk	eddithesquirrel	0	No specific role
cleroy	openslms	1	Project Manager
clesiuk	ccterm	1	No specific role
clessing	moblock-deb	1	Developer
clete2	sowibb	1	Project Manager
clevans	jsppp	1	No specific role
clevans	jao	1	No specific role
clevariant	elseforif	1	No specific role
clevariant	oxci	0	Developer
clevariant	openefm	0	Developer
cleverdj	fwqos	1	No specific role
cleverduck	spongemonkee	1	No specific role
cleverduck	privateye	1	Developer
cleverflores	pdgo	1	No specific role
cleveridea	plcodebrew	1	No specific role
cleveridea	oracle-apex	0	Developer
cleveridea	utplsql	0	No specific role
cleverly	sewer	0	Developer
cleverly	burrow	1	No specific role
cleverly	nstcl	1	No specific role
cleverly	tclmml	1	No specific role
cleverly	naviserver	0	Developer
cleverly	aolserver	0	Developer
cleverpig	esp2003	1	Developer
clevijoki	ks-interpreter	1	No specific role
clevijoki	midi2rtx	1	No specific role
clewingriffith	magcad	1	No specific role
clewis8	scarred-steel	0	No specific role
cle_schneider	sooja	1	Developer
clfarrell	gsqlr2	1	No specific role
clfarrell	nrtloader	1	No specific role
clguth	openavionics	1	No specific role
clheiny	openjnlp	0	Developer
clheiny	javaelvis	1	No specific role
clhess	iswraid	1	Developer
clhoerlle	vlcrazy	1	No specific role
clhubert	lucene	0	Doc Writer
cliberty	opentaps	1	Developer
clibra	clibratechframe	1	No specific role
click-meeow	click-meeow	1	No specific role
click81	todo-manager	1	Project Manager
clickbutt	yp-php	0	Developer
clickconsulting	techtickets	1	No specific role
clickfarmer	mmm2	1	No specific role
clicki	gazetteerweb	1	No specific role
clicklee	i-player	1	No specific role
clicknmix	clicknmix	1	No specific role
clicknow	bpalogin	0	Support Manager
clickvd	erwin	0	Developer
cliechti	mspgcc	1	Developer
cliechti	pythonfs	1	No specific role
cliechti	pyserial	1	Developer
cliechti	docutils	0	Developer
clieftink	policymaker	1	No specific role
clieftink	intact	0	No specific role
clieftink	outliner	0	Developer
cliff76	iseries-toolkit	0	Developer
cliffb53	japp	1	No specific role
cliffb53	gsitranslator	1	No specific role
cliffb53	columba	0	Developer
cliffgoniea	honeydo	1	No specific role
clifflu	fastbbrecord	1	No specific role
cliffordwoo	searchftp	1	Project Manager
cliffpwickman	lkcd	0	Developer
cliffpwickman	open-lockmeter	1	Project Manager
cliffsch	piccolo	0	Developer
cliffsf	links	1	No specific role
cliffw	openhive	0	No specific role
cliffw	re-aim-7	1	No specific role
cliffwells18	python	0	No specific role
cliffwells18	python-dsv	1	Project Manager
cliff_harrold	pythianproject	0	No specific role
clifgriffin	extenshun	1	No specific role
cliftonm	applautolayer	1	Project Manager
cliftonm	xaml	1	Project Manager
cliftonr	qpopper	0	Developer
clifton_bean	ids-config	0	All-Hands Person
clifton_phua	simmetrics	0	Developer
clim1219	itracker	0	Developer
clim1219	jscmt	1	Project Manager
clim1219	frontstore	1	No specific role
clim1219	zipanywhere	1	No specific role
clim1219	perfectscore	1	All-Hands Person
climax	decalscript	1	All-Hands Person
climaxius	pytelemeter	1	No specific role
climber104	javaframedesign	1	No specific role
climent	spamassassin	0	Developer
clinares	ai-standards	0	Developer
clinckarts	toolbox	1	No specific role
clindell	webmagick	1	Project Manager
clindholst	vaj2cvs	0	Developer
clinfix83	openosek	0	Developer
clinicalobeast	hplua	1	No specific role
clinique-alizes	care2002	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
clint	bogofilter	0	No specific role
clint	zsh	0	No specific role
clint	netthousand	1	No specific role
clint-sc_mikeb	clint-sc	0	Developer
clintheyer	naanou	1	No specific role
clintkohl	cedarlogic	0	Developer
clintmw	pplay	1	Developer
clinto	justqueryit	0	Developer
clinto	xqore	1	Project Manager
clintoca	gsblog	1	No specific role
clintoca	packer	0	Developer
clintolson	openbaseball	0	No specific role
clintond	portlet-opensrc	0	Developer
clintonjr	opencasino	1	Developer
clintonroy	xmds	1	Developer
clintreese	cheifethical	1	No specific role
clintthayer	damapper	1	Developer
clintuwe	pddms	1	Project Manager
clint_sri	biospice	0	Developer
clinuxdancetech	matrixsuite	1	No specific role
cliomaxi	libcas	0	Content Management
clio_grise	fractopt	0	Developer
clio_manager	clio-ajax	1	No specific role
clip	ciaoprolog	1	Developer
clip	fltk	1	Developer
clip	flek	0	No specific role
clipsecure	clipsecure	1	No specific role
cliptray	cliptray	1	No specific role
cliss	aixtoolbox	1	Project Manager
clitte_bbt	loki-lib	0	No specific role
clittle	phpsimplefaq	1	Project Manager
clittle	phpicalendar	1	Project Manager
clive9900855	cilib	0	Developer
clivel	tap-apps	0	Developer
cliveste	j2eerapidforms	1	No specific role
cliveswann	spencerdex	1	No specific role
clivio	maiaproject	1	Project Manager
clixbook	rdfevents	1	No specific role
clizio	lsm-pkcs11	1	No specific role
clj1	deathtoll	1	Developer
cljanss	vprof	1	Developer
cljanss	mpqc	1	Project Manager
clk	esmf	0	Developer
clk	esmfcontrib	0	Developer
clkao	chewingosx	1	No specific role
clkerr	ssss	1	Developer
clleger	cyberrails	1	No specific role
clluengo	libics	1	No specific role
clm-k1	j-m-r	1	No specific role
clm-k1	jktalog	1	No specific role
clm-k1	geseire	1	No specific role
clme0233	gwaau	1	No specific role
clneumann	t-gtk	0	No specific role
clneumann	resmedicinae	1	Doc Writer
cloabell	mrist	0	Developer
cloaked2222	hw2bsg	0	Developer
clobbman	phpenpals	0	Developer
clobqueen	epidemic	1	Developer
clock	openmerchant	1	No specific role
clockmaker_69	neonate	1	Developer
clocktech	clockapplet	1	No specific role
clockwerx	qwadframework	0	No specific role
clockwerx	phpcdate	1	No specific role
clockwerx	ahscs	1	No specific role
clod0	scellduler	1	Project Manager
cloedizwo	spamaps	1	Developer
cloef	satlovers	0	Tester
clofi	wsdl2doc	1	Project Manager
clofi	boardgameonline	1	No specific role
clofi	coderacers	1	Project Manager
clombardi	objectbase	0	No specific role
clombart	phenix	1	No specific role
clone1701	filehandler	1	No specific role
clonebarkins	pscan	1	All-Hands Person
clonecast	clonecast	1	Developer
clonecommander	birdinfotracker	1	Developer
clonedagain	d-mediatheque	1	No specific role
clonedagain	dreadfulhours	1	No specific role
clonedagain	shakespearebot	1	All-Hands Person
clonedcatb	j2mw-pacman329	1	No specific role
clonemaster	vintagecloning	1	No specific role
clong10	gnutrucktools	1	No specific role
clonkonaut	aka	1	Developer
clonus	direfly	1	No specific role
clonyara	cswebmail	1	No specific role
clonyara	cswiki	1	No specific role
clonyara	phpplaylist	1	No specific role
clood	stillness	1	No specific role
clood	billy	1	No specific role
clood	velosurf	1	Project Manager
clook	playwme	1	Developer
clook	mmfinder	1	No specific role
cloonix	wc3tourney	1	No specific role
cloonix	pariwall	1	Project Manager
cloos	hhcalc	1	No specific role
cloose	cervisia	1	No specific role
clootie	delphi-dx9sdk	1	Project Manager
cloover	morexo	0	Developer
cloover	algol	1	Project Manager
clopedion	commonbot	0	Developer
clopeslima	sitecria	1	No specific role
cloreto	cloromail	1	No specific role
closet13	darkmatrix	1	No specific role
close_jerry	opensurvey	0	No specific role
clotilde	webpack	0	Developer
clott	wems	1	Developer
cloud201	pspios	1	No specific role
cloud77	ocera	0	Developer
cloud77	rtsim	0	No specific role
cloud77	erika-education	1	No specific role
cloud9_markm	toolshed	0	All-Hands Person
cloud9_markm	nitros9	0	All-Hands Person
cloudajw	poisoned	1	Developer
cloudguitar	mwe	0	Developer
cloudious	molviewer	1	No specific role
cloudkj	vitalea	1	No specific role
cloudkj	simpleaim	1	Project Manager
cloudmark	gadventure	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
cloudmark	gadvent	0	Doc Writer
cloudnine	sparkle	1	No specific role
cloudor	commander4e	1	No specific role
cloudqi	flapmap	1	No specific role
cloudslicer	opulence	1	No specific role
cloudsoup	filmreview	1	No specific role
cloudwu007	t264	0	Developer
cloudzheng	swfscapel	1	No specific role
cloudzheng	epoch-cn	1	Developer
cloud_strife	pennhospace	0	Developer
cloups51	pirx	0	Developer
clouseau	jmule	0	Developer
cloveless	simpletest	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
cloverstump	sqlbulider	0	Developer
clovischapman	gridsam	0	Developer
clovisr	trslinux	1	No specific role
clowth	protector	1	No specific role
clowth	linwiz	1	No specific role
clowth	p2pwall	1	No specific role
clowtown	sete	1	No specific role
cloyce	twikiplugins	0	Developer
clp	pifhi	1	Project Manager
clp207	mim-comp-app	0	Developer
clpadron	carlos	1	Developer
clparker	menagerie	1	No specific role
clparker	jcompactor	1	No specific role
clpoda	tktut	1	No specific role
clpoda	rubyboot	1	No specific role
clrg	soccerboss	1	No specific role
clrg	vexi	1	Developer
clrg	freetrain	1	No specific role
clrg	fumble	1	No specific role
clrgeek	modularcli	1	No specific role
clrieth	ctphotobook	1	No specific role
clroma	remote-roller	1	No specific role
clrs530	liveforstats	1	No specific role
cls-nebadje	linked	1	No specific role
cls-nebadje	wosclib	1	No specific role
cls451	jrpgfx	1	Developer
clsdaniel	efl-sharp	0	Developer
clsdaniel	admpanel	1	No specific role
clsdaniel	odquery	1	No specific role
clsdaniel	odkit	1	No specific role
clsgn_viper	oneorzero	0	Web Designer
clshirokov	delphivnc	0	Developer
clshortfuse	ndsmanager	1	No specific role
clshrock	xaraya	0	No specific role
clsid2	ffdshow-tryout	1	No specific role
clsk	prettyirc	1	No specific role
clsk	micro-bsd	1	Developer
clsk	libcwd	0	Tester
clsung	exifieplugin	1	No specific role
clsung	zh2tone	1	No specific role
clsung	nocem-innbbsd	1	Project Manager
clt-dti	dtilib	1	Developer
clt4	geneontology	0	Editorial/Content Writer
clubbers	medievalonline	1	Project Manager
clubfan	gbuilder	1	No specific role
clubfan	anjuta	1	Developer
clubfan	sourcedreamer	1	Developer
clubifaximatic	sironta	1	Project Manager
clubifaximatic	swallow	1	Developer
clubifaximatic	fada	0	Developer
clubok	oedt	0	Developer
clubok	sqlt	0	Developer
clubpit	openfootball	1	No specific role
cluby	lfm	0	Developer
clucas_ucsd	placelab	0	Developer
cluder	aixmem	1	No specific role
cludwin	gspell	1	No specific role
cludwin	team-i-share	1	No specific role
clue2001	codstats	1	Developer
cluge	aip	1	Project Manager
clugo	static-screams	1	Developer
clum	zorx	1	Developer
clum	discontinuity	1	No specific role
clumens	aboot	0	Developer
clumens	peachlnx	1	Developer
clumsym	dbdesigner4	1	Developer
clunis	cosign	1	Developer
cluny	easycalc	0	Developer
clutjespelberg	toolforge	0	Developer
clutzer	perceps	0	Developer
clutzer	homelan	1	No specific role
cluver4	machinations	1	Graphic/Other Designer
clva5	html-tmpl-cpp-b	1	No specific role
clviper	opencore	1	Support Manager
clwalk	tjdo	0	Developer
clwells	jci	1	No specific role
clwo0001	woandko	1	No specific role
clx	grafinho	1	No specific role
clx	pam-listmysql	1	Developer
clx	aster-oid	1	No specific role
clyang	knecs	1	No specific role
clyde	pokea	0	No specific role
clydefrog	libscmodcam	1	No specific role
clydefrog	atach	1	No specific role
clydeiii	needtoknow	1	All-Hands Person
clyde_deryabin	labcpu	0	Developer
clyde_kosarev	labcpu	0	Developer
clyde_r	sailaway	0	Developer
clyde_zubanov	labcpu	0	Developer
clyh	capismetaeditor	1	No specific role
clynejp	vapor	1	No specific role
clynnes	s4pm	1	Project Manager
clynx	cbloq	1	No specific role
clynx	ikteam	1	No specific role
clytie	geany	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
clytie	fontforge	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
clytie	mailman	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
clytie	kde-vi	1	No specific role
clytie	dproofreaders	0	No specific role
clyu	meclipse	1	No specific role
cl_	xchataqua	0	Developer
cl_	xplorer	0	Developer
cl_	macdvdexpress	1	Developer
cl_i_ff	pc-control	1	No specific role
cm0901	macattrick	0	No specific role
cm3of5	mp3catalog	1	No specific role
cm4ever	hbn-dyn-mod	1	No specific role
cm4ever	tomcat-res-mgr	1	Developer
cmac425	leaguetracker	1	No specific role
cmac425	flashpod	1	No specific role
cmachine	cmsocksd	1	No specific role
cmacksey	beep-module	1	No specific role
cmadams	cricket	0	Developer
cmadan	fileguard	1	All-Hands Person
cmadan	mindspark	1	No specific role
cmadan	planbook	1	No specific role
cmadrigal	pim4soa	1	Developer
cmaf	ait	1	All-Hands Person
cmagno	hotwork	1	Developer
cmagyar	gnupots	1	No specific role
cmagyar	gatos	0	Developer
cmagyar	gcid-applet	1	No specific role
cmalamas	phpslash	0	No specific role
cmaley	mlabtismodel	0	Developer
cmallett	ahk	1	No specific role
cmallette	wwwchess	1	No specific role
cmalley	phet	1	Developer
cmallwitz	httpssniffer	0	Developer
cmallwitz	muffin	0	Developer
cmalucelli	cmalucelli	1	No specific role
cman00	doorkeeper	1	No specific role
cman1024	cwruser	0	Developer
cmanders	bpclientd	1	No specific role
cmanders	broscanreporter	1	No specific role
cmanders	bra	1	No specific role
cmang	chaosengine	0	All-Hands Person
cmang	itonamaton	0	Developer
cmaniacs	gbk	1	No specific role
cmanley	mobileuseragent	1	No specific role
cmanley	uaprof	1	No specific role
cmanley	telephonyxscode	1	No specific role
cmannes	enchantrix	1	Project Manager
cmannes	auctioneer-wow	0	No specific role
cmarac	utplsql	0	Developer
cmarc5	aspclib	1	Developer
cmarc5	sqalp	1	Project Manager
cmarc5	fullpersist	1	No specific role
cmarc5	densitymap	1	Developer
cmarchad	webrportal	0	Developer
cmargach	nplayer	0	Developer
cmarguel	dispatcher	0	Developer
cmargulhano	jdatareports	0	Developer
cmarinov	bugfinder	0	Developer
cmarjaniemi	vendordb	1	No specific role
cmarjaniemi	repgen-library	1	No specific role
cmarks03	bassacemp	1	No specific role
cmarlonx	xmessenger	1	No specific role
cmarlyse	luagl	1	Developer
cmaroney	cur	1	Developer
cmarqu	inkscape	0	Developer
cmarqu	gnome-jabber	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cmarqu	gphoto	0	Developer
cmarqu	storm-pim	1	Developer
cmarrin	emma3d	1	Project Manager
cmarschner	larm	1	No specific role
cmarshall	pintsize	1	Developer
cmarshall	hail	0	Developer
cmart	ka-tools	1	Developer
cmartraire	patternity	1	No specific role
cmas	nuawan	1	No specific role
cmaser	cmaser	1	No specific role
cmasmanidis	jretro	0	Developer
cmassiot	liba52	1	Developer
cmassiot	libmpeg2	1	Developer
cmasuch	evenet	1	Developer
cmatei	gcx	0	No specific role
cmathews	mvnsaloon	1	Developer
cmatsuoka	mmfplay	1	No specific role
cmatsuoka	elks	0	Developer
cmatsuoka	dwrap	1	No specific role
cmatsuoka	quagmire	1	No specific role
cmatsuoka	scummvm	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
cmatsuoka	sarien	1	Developer
cmatsuoka	linux-usb	0	Developer
cmatsuoka	xmp	1	Developer
cmatsuoka	pkgtools	1	No specific role
cmatthias	unittactics	0	Developer
cmattick	eclipseoffice	1	Developer
cmattos	chinchilla	0	No specific role
cmaupin	cpqfc	1	Developer
cmaupin	cpqarray	1	Developer
cmaupin	cciss	1	Developer
cmaurel	gap-gest	0	Developer
cmaurice	net-bookmanager	1	No specific role
cmawhorter	osdemocracy	1	No specific role
cmaxwell	qvte	1	No specific role
cmay	shadydial	1	No specific role
cmay	phpvoterreg	1	No specific role
cmay	phpsgvote	1	Project Manager
cmay	pgaccess	1	Developer
cmayemba	openaguila	0	Developer
cmayer_siq	esframework	1	No specific role
cmayer_siq	hsc-erpadapter	1	No specific role
cmayer_siq	hscportal	1	Developer
cmayer_siq	hsc-imsi	1	Developer
cmayer_siq	hsc-portal	1	No specific role
cmayer_siq	hsc-repository	1	Developer
cmayer_siq	hsc-sampleport	1	No specific role
cmayer_siq	hsc-identity	1	No specific role
cmayer_siq	hsc-projectdocs	1	No specific role
cmayer_siq	hsc-datacubes	1	Developer
cmayer_siq	hsc-webparts	1	Developer
cmayer_siq	hsc-tools	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
cmayer_siq	hsc-ei	1	No specific role
cmayer_siq	hsc-ce	1	Developer
cmayhem	mayhem	1	No specific role
cmaynard	linesort	1	No specific role
cmaynard	songcue	0	No specific role
cmaziero	bananakernel	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
cmazzariello	anonymizer	1	Developer
cmazzariello	o-paque	1	Unix Admin
cmazzariello	s-predator	1	Project Manager
cmazzariello	difmon	1	Developer
cmb537	boost	0	Developer
cmb537	spirit	0	No specific role
cmbanker	fossile-project	0	No specific role
cmbasic	cmreams	0	Developer
cmbasic	cmbasic	1	No specific role
cmbofh	openhr	0	Developer
cmbofh	prokyon3	0	Developer
cmbowman	planetlab	0	No specific role
cmbrandenburg	libccc	1	No specific role
cmbreuel	dad	1	No specific role
cmbreuel	clt	1	No specific role
cmcapone	top-c	0	Developer
cmcapone	freeciv4ppc	0	Developer
cmcclean	moodle	0	Developer
cmccreesh	anytags	1	No specific role
cmcdowell	jarel	1	No specific role
cmceniry	moyasuite	1	No specific role
cmcfarlen	ako	1	Developer
cmcgee	http2irc	1	No specific role
cmcgraw	drjava	0	Developer
cmchugh	artisant	1	Developer
cmckay	jmir	1	No specific role
cmcmast	jt400	0	Developer
cmcmil	libsand	1	Project Manager
cmcnulty	roundcubemail	0	Developer
cmcurtin	shibboleth	1	No specific role
cmd4	buddyspace	1	Developer
cmd82	pte	1	No specific role
cmdbmaverick	opensource-cmdb	1	Developer
cmdln	foxpg	1	No specific role
cmdpirx	turban	1	No specific role
cmdresummers	precis	1	No specific role
cmdrkeen	democ4phpbb	0	No specific role
cmdrkeene	mib	0	Web Designer
cmdrkeene	arctek	1	Project Manager
cmdrtaco	slashcode	1	Project Manager
cmdrwalrus	patc	1	Project Manager
cmdrwalrus	acquis	1	No specific role
cmdrx	cryptotw	1	Project Manager
cmdrx	eeat-hpcp	1	Project Manager
cmdrx	eeat-basictools	1	Project Manager
cmds	tyahoo	1	No specific role
cmd_ca	ass	1	No specific role
cmeighan	scopeshapes	1	No specific role
cmeik	mrtgconfig	0	Developer
cmeister	devallocator	1	No specific role
cmeister	pitbull-lx	1	No specific role
cmelchior	fumble	0	Developer
cmelendez	vhhd	1	No specific role
cmelgar	webofpatterns	1	No specific role
cmemory	vizglyph	0	No specific role
cmena	bioport	1	Analysis / Design
cmendez	tortoisecvs	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cmenezes	cogroo	1	No specific role
cmenghi	nyi	1	No specific role
cmeredith	burnoutstudios	0	Developer
cmewett	key	0	Developer
cmeyers	thinkcspy	1	Project Manager
cmf13	gtl-toolset	0	No specific role
cmf13	zephirion	0	Developer
cmfranz	lok-o-mat	1	No specific role
cmg	cgeo	1	No specific role
cmglee	ephemera	0	Developer
cmglee	grabble	1	No specific role
cmgoellner	hector	0	Developer
cmgraver	cosmos2	0	Developer
cmgross	snapdal	0	Developer
cmg_cobra	glam	1	All-Hands Person
cmg_cobra	glmath	1	All-Hands Person
cmg_cobra	igis	1	Project Manager
cmg_cobra	libsugar	1	All-Hands Person
cmh	log4cocoa	1	Developer
cmh15	cwruser	0	Developer
cmheazel	geoapi	1	Distributor/Promoter
cmia	ninaxvid	1	No specific role
cmia	cmia	1	No specific role
cmia	torsvn	1	No specific role
cmicali	carbon	1	No specific role
cmicali	andromdaplugins	0	Developer
cmicali	andromda	0	Developer
cmicali	dijinni	1	Developer
cmicali	ztracker	1	Project Manager
cmichae	jaminid	1	No specific role
cmichon	detaolb	1	No specific role
cmickelson	jwebmon	1	No specific role
cmihai78	darkbytes	0	Developer
cmika	openadmin	1	No specific role
cmil	phpmyvisites	0	Developer
cmilett	cgi-plus-plus	1	No specific role
cmilett	habitat	0	Developer
cmilton	perldb	0	No specific role
cmincarelli	speedproxy	1	No specific role
cmincea	depofish	1	No specific role
cminois	raccoonfwk	0	All-Hands Person
cminus	mozpt	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cminyard	ser2net	1	No specific role
cminyard	egc	1	No specific role
cminyard	cvs-nserver	0	Developer
cminyard	crosscrash	1	Project Manager
cminyard	ssthreads	1	Project Manager
cminyard	openhpi	0	Developer
cminyard	openipmi	1	Project Manager
cminyard	adasl	1	No specific role
cmircea	portslave	0	No specific role
cmircea	qce-ga	0	No specific role
cmiskell	opennms	0	Developer
cmiskell	cayenne	0	Developer
cmitch13	jdps	1	Developer
cmiyachi	mitopensource	1	No specific role
cmj917	jopt	1	Developer
cmjacobs	glewpy	1	Support Manager
cmjaun	abbot	0	Developer
cmjwebservices	echoeofeternity	1	Developer
cmkl	back-end	0	All-Hands Person
cmkpl	aquafox	0	Developer
cmkpl	wikirootry	1	No specific role
cmkpl	jaunt	1	All-Hands Person
cmlasalle	mainejug	0	Developer
cmlenz	bitten	1	No specific role
cmlotion	coordimate	0	No specific role
cmltd	mxs	1	No specific role
cmlx	cmlxvc	1	No specific role
cmmackenzie	flickrj	0	Developer
cmmalone	seq	0	Developer
cmmata	titanfirewall	0	Web Designer
cmmdevries	virtualpuppet	1	No specific role
cmmdevries	codfig	0	Developer
cmmdevries	squiddb	1	Developer
cmmo	bugzilla-cn	0	Developer
cmmurphy	delta3d	0	Developer
cmndrm	digitalfx	1	Developer
cmndrm	digipsi	1	No specific role
cmndrm	gnome-backup	1	No specific role
cmndrm	simplevs	1	No specific role
cmndrm	jmathlib	1	No specific role
cmng	e8x2	1	Developer
cmnglewis	topographica	0	Developer
cmoad	compucell	0	Developer
cmoad	matplotlib	1	Developer
cmoad	pywebsvcs	0	Developer
cmoad	pyopengl	0	Developer
cmoad	steve-museum	1	Developer
cmoad	glewpy	1	Project Manager
cmoffitt	tigrisgame	1	No specific role
cmohler	uuoe	1	Web Designer
cmohler	acserver	0	No specific role
cmoivoila	pci-bench	0	Developer
cmolina	cgi-builder	1	No specific role
cmolina	bacula	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
cmolina	pdbs	1	No specific role
cmollis	openipmp	1	Developer
cmoneymaker	gwainy	1	Project Manager
cmonico	ggnfs	1	Developer
cmonkeyboi	gismapgen	0	Developer
cmont	quakeircd	0	Web Designer
cmonzel	imoose	1	Project Manager
cmora111	dashpc	0	Developer
cmoran92	twikistruts	1	No specific role
cmorel	flinux	0	Developer
cmorgant	jmymoney	0	Developer
cmorgner	kdelogviewer	1	No specific role
cmoriarty	quake2-thesis	1	Developer
cmorley	openvrml	1	No specific role
cmorley	xmlrpcpp	1	No specific role
cmorrison	datawidget	0	No specific role
cmoser79	btnode	0	Developer
cmosher01	howardgarns	1	No specific role
cmosher01	templat	1	No specific role
cmot	rapple	0	Developer
cmouse	javairc	1	No specific role
cmouse	eics	1	No specific role
cmouttet	cayambe	0	Developer
cmox	opendigger	0	Analysis / Design
cmp275	thonims	0	Doc Writer
cmp71225	meedios	0	Developer
cmpich	obo	0	No specific role
cmpilato	viewcvs	1	Project Manager
cmptrwhz	linapophysis	1	No specific role
cmpxchg	siedler4linux	1	No specific role
cmpxchg	cundctex	1	No specific role
cmr	sntop	0	No specific role
cmr-pent	tfastdib	1	Developer
cmrajan	compiere-hrms	1	Project Manager
cms-myway	e107	0	Tester
cms-webservice	e107	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cms1	rcpilot	0	Developer
cms108	superchat52	1	No specific role
cms654	rtrelativity	1	No specific role
cmsandrigo	catedrax	0	Developer
cmsavage	asymptote	0	Developer
cmsbinarybitnet	cmsbinarybitnet	1	No specific role
cmschmidt	junit	0	No specific role
cmschols	dynics	1	No specific role
cmschols	drakecms	0	Tester
cmsenthil	webpass	1	No specific role
cmsfire	cmsfire	1	No specific role
cmshawn	hsc-portal	1	Developer
cmshawn	hsc-ei	1	Developer
cmshawn	hsc-webparts	1	Developer
cmshawn	hsc-repository	1	Developer
cmshawn	hsc-tools	1	Developer
cmshawn	hsc-erpadapter	1	Developer
cmshawn	hsc-ce	1	Developer
cmshawn	hsc-datacubes	1	Developer
cmshawn	hsc-imsi	1	Developer
cmshawn	hsc-identity	1	Developer
cmsimike	celldoku	1	No specific role
cmsinfo	spaiz-nuke	1	No specific role
cmsmax	cmsmax	1	No specific role
cmsonline	cmsonline	1	Project Manager
cmsphp	php5-cms	1	No specific role
cmsplain	cmsplain	1	No specific role
cmssysteem	touchcms	1	Developer
cmstar	starcontrol	1	No specific role
cmt5n	va-genex	0	Developer
cmt5n	geoss	0	Developer
cmthoms	narrowmire	1	Developer
cmtolleson	processdash	0	Developer
cmtolleson	eclipsepspdash	1	No specific role
cmtsystem	wxmessenger	0	Developer
cmu	igj	0	Developer
cmuck	catchme	1	No specific role
cmud	openvision	1	No specific role
cmuellermeta	we-framework	0	Developer
cmuench	extremecms	1	Developer
cmuessig	genj	0	All-Hands Person
cmuhlenb	bingoo	1	Project Manager
cmujoy	salm	1	No specific role
cmukunda	sblim	0	Developer
cmulcahy	chg-manager	1	No specific role
cmullan	wavepro-driver	1	No specific role
cmullens	zugzug	1	Project Manager
cmuller13	opencard	1	Developer
cmumford	carchipdotnet	1	No specific role
cmumford	winmerge	0	Developer
cmumford	tunerd	1	No specific role
cmumford	idfree	1	No specific role
cmumford	id3lib	0	Developer
cmungall	geneontology	1	Developer
cmungall	gmod	1	Developer
cmungall	obo	1	Project Manager
cmungall	stag	1	No specific role
cmungall	sqlfairy	0	Developer
cmungall	song	1	Project Manager
cmungall	skam	1	No specific role
cmungall	prologdoc	0	No specific role
cmungall	dbix-graph	1	Developer
cmura	pymol	0	Developer
cmurialdo	mysqldrivercs	0	Developer
cmusik	snmpmon	1	No specific role
cmuth	ultracms	1	No specific role
cmuth	xcoder	0	Developer
cmv205	rodin-b-sharp	0	Developer
cmweat01	textconverter	1	No specific role
cmwslw	thephpbible	0	Developer
cmwslw	valeland	1	No specific role
cmyers	msnphelper	1	Project Manager
cmyuphlin	simep	0	Developer
cmzach	glipkit	1	No specific role
cmzmasek	phyloxml	1	Project Manager
cmzmasek	forester-atv	1	Project Manager
cm_t	astray	1	No specific role
cnaber	inspect	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
cnadella	jspdbadmin	0	Developer
cnagata	processdash	0	Developer
cnagel	peervote	1	No specific role
cnagel	openknights	0	Developer
cnagyxyz	jdbcimporter	1	Project Manager
cnakatsu	howe	0	Developer
cnakatsu	regulus	0	Developer
cnamoo	flowbox	1	No specific role
cnamoo	cnamoomodeler	1	No specific role
cnasal	moneytracker	1	No specific role
cnation	monkeywrench	1	No specific role
cnation	bingox	1	No specific role
cnation	xpp	1	No specific role
cnause	cnremctrl	1	No specific role
cnavta	trupath	1	No specific role
cnawebdesign	aspnuke	1	Developer
cnawebdesign	slashp	1	Developer
cnb	phpftpadmin	1	No specific role
cnb	mzkqladmin	1	No specific role
cnbharshaka	muclub	0	Developer
cncfanatics	rebirth-cms	1	Project Manager
cncfanatics	hvk	0	Tester
cnchun	ictclas4j	1	Developer
cnclark	zxpy	1	Developer
cncr04s	cnc-ipflows	1	All-Hands Person
cncr04s	cnc-ftpbnc	1	Project Manager
cncwright	emc	0	Developer
cndrsn	pgvb	0	Developer
cneasbey	medialibrary	0	Developer
cnedra	cnedra	1	No specific role
cnehren	poco-bittorrent	0	Developer
cnehren	guser--	1	No specific role
cneidle	signstream	1	Project Manager
cneilson	bacnet	0	Developer
cneilson	vts	0	Developer
cneise	cmdl	1	No specific role
cnemesil	cnemesil	1	No specific role
cnentwich	nrl	1	No specific role
cnettel	aleph2k	1	Developer
cnettel	shannonbot	1	No specific role
cnetto	javafiletools	1	No specific role
cneuwirt	castleproject	0	Developer
cnewland	fipa-os	1	All-Hands Person
cnewport	splack	0	Developer
cnf	cd2mp3	1	Project Manager
cnfree	feeling	1	Project Manager
cnfree	yipsilon	0	Developer
cng	projorg	1	Developer
cngam	acpi-largesys	0	Developer
cngmark	madsa	0	Tester
cnh	esmf	1	Project Manager
cnh	esmfcontrib	1	Project Manager
cnh	curatordb	1	Project Manager
cnhunter	cnsf	1	No specific role
cnicholson	unittest-cpp	1	Developer
cniebuhr	csloggazer	1	No specific role
cniederb	primlife	1	Project Manager
cniehaus	avogadro	0	Developer
cniehaus	memaid	0	Developer
cniehaus	gaiw	1	Developer
cniehaus	kopenbabel	0	Developer
cniekel	usbat2	1	All-Hands Person
cniemira	tclrar	1	No specific role
cniemira	openmovie	1	No specific role
cniemira	become	1	No specific role
cnieves	picprg	1	No specific role
cnieves	jacdrt	1	Project Manager
cnieves	geda	0	Developer
cnig	limg	1	Developer
cniknet	dnn	0	Developer
cnill	dresden-ocl	0	Developer
cnishanth	nckptsimulator	1	No specific role
cnitin	linux-iscsi	0	Developer
cnitsa	timeslottracker	0	Developer
cnixs	xml-htb	1	No specific role
cnj	xicada	0	No specific role
cnj	wumpus	0	All-Hands Person
cnj	sip	1	All-Hands Person
cnj	usa	1	All-Hands Person
cnj	mojab	0	No specific role
cnj	dmc	1	All-Hands Person
cnjieyang	lifemanager	1	No specific role
cnjieyang	bittorrent-2	0	Developer
cnjieyang	tribler	1	Developer
cnjieyang	p2p-tv	1	Developer
cnkarian	porto-codec	1	Developer
cnkurzke	gatespace	0	No specific role
cnliou	zeoslib	0	Developer
cnlohfin3109	cswars	1	No specific role
cnlohfin3109	bocinas	1	Developer
cnlohr	ccursor	1	No specific role
cnlohr	hgengine	1	Developer
cnlohr	scarred-steel	1	No specific role
cnlohr	smonline	1	Developer
cnlohr	stepmania	0	Developer
cnmendis	sahana	0	No specific role
cnmuranjan	wap-guestbook	1	Project Manager
cnmuranjan2004	wap-guestbook	1	No specific role
cnolte	printercm	1	No specific role
cnorlin	medhome	1	Requirements Engineering
cnorris	texniccenter	0	Developer
cnorthwolf	docsqm	1	No specific role
cnovak	dwengine	0	Developer
cnoviello	pycrash	1	No specific role
cnpack	cnwizards	1	No specific role
cnpc	crsd	1	No specific role
cnremes	sociopath	0	Web Designer
cnshgb	rts-organiser	0	No specific role
cnshines	smtpsvr	0	Developer
cnst	codfus	1	No specific role
cntrytwist	sequencer	1	No specific role
cntrytwist	heat-meteo	0	Developer
cnu	cmsiki	1	No specific role
cnu	photonedit	0	No specific role
cnu	osmsoc2005	0	Developer
cnuahs	visiome	1	Developer
cnubbins	xicesdk	1	No specific role
cnuke	xreal	0	Developer
cnukeadmin	cnuke	1	No specific role
cnuman	sofa	0	Developer
cnunn	perspectives	0	Analysis / Design
cnwawers	jxos	0	No specific role
cnxjs	xjs	1	No specific role
cnx_glenn	st-m	1	Project Manager
cnyg	xidesk	1	Developer
cnygard	gtk2-perl-ex	0	Developer
cnystrom	new-rpc	1	Project Manager
cnystrom	newio	1	Project Manager
cn_iwillw	ptnet	1	Developer
cn_langzi	mapeasy	0	Developer
cn_liujian	ptnet	1	Developer
cn_liujie	xiaokang	1	No specific role
cn_maohd	ptnet	0	Developer
cn_tybin	ptnet	1	Developer
cn_young	jpos	0	Developer
co-kane	cpanplus	1	Project Manager
co-nakall	mafiaorid	1	Developer
co-nyabu	lemonade	1	No specific role
co-nyabu	stevanie	1	No specific role
co-nyabu	i-opensource	1	No specific role
co3	mass	1	Developer
coachvargo	cougar	0	Developer
coaddons	coaddons	1	No specific role
coaddons	mambo	0	Developer
coaddons	modxcms	0	Project Manager
coag	architects	1	Developer
coagen	katyalix	1	No specific role
coagulant	olympusrupack	0	Developer
coandco	sot	1	Project Manager
coandco	netcomics	0	Developer
coar	mod-pubsub	0	Developer
coar	modsnake	0	Developer
coar	icalcify	1	No specific role
coar	httpd-garage	1	Developer
coar	podium	1	No specific role
coar	yngvi	1	Project Manager
coar	testify	1	No specific role
coar	versionary	1	No specific role
coar	spackle	1	No specific role
coar	cvswebclient	1	No specific role
coastal_elves	evolveproject	1	Project Manager
coates	freenet	0	Developer
coatexpert	coatexpert	1	No specific role
coax	tprint	1	No specific role
coax1234	ssv	1	No specific role
coaxial	azshumod	0	No specific role
cob	geome	0	No specific role
cobac	tkparam	1	No specific role
cobalt027	gallery-contrib	0	Developer
cobalt27	ftreep	1	Project Manager
cobalt27x	dpsys	1	Developer
cobalt27x	sfaction	1	No specific role
cobalt60	xmlapi	1	All-Hands Person
cobaltghost	sea-wars	1	Developer
coban2k	ticqlib	1	Developer
cobara	bsgs	0	Developer
cobblers	blapp	0	Developer
cobbr2	mod-pubsub	0	Developer
coben2000	xmule	0	Developer
cobex22	mmario	1	No specific role
cobi001	jxpose	1	Developer
cobia	pfcpp	0	Developer
cobian	cobianbackup	1	No specific role
cobir	wikicampus	0	Project Manager
cobjs	compu-cms	1	No specific role
cobra1729	cal-robotics	1	No specific role
cobra1729	c167-rtos	1	Project Manager
cobra2326	pgmfi	0	Developer
cobra84	ajaxrpg	1	No specific role
cobra84	renaissance-fr	1	No specific role
cobra900	tgm-j2me-game	1	All-Hands Person
cobraa1	bzflag	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
cobraa1	fastcvs	1	Project Manager
cobrabytez	projectpi	0	Developer
cobraeldiablo	kvulqan	0	Support Manager
cobrahoo	jagorobots	1	Developer
cobrajs	pbomb	1	No specific role
cobralord	asphorum	1	Project Manager
cobralord	jrobin	0	Developer
cobralord	rrdtoolbox	1	No specific role
cobralord	pythongame	1	No specific role
cobralord	netpack	1	No specific role
cobrasoft	caraca	0	No specific role
cobratek	killerwall	1	Web Designer
cobratek	pnpjchat	1	Project Manager
cobratek	genstats	1	No specific role
cobratom	corganizer	1	No specific role
cobru	lkportknock	1	No specific role
coby_1234	dunememories	1	Developer
cob_geo	cobricks	0	Developer
coca-cola	fnordos	0	No specific role
cocaman	escapenet	1	Project Manager
cocaman	mediomanager	1	Project Manager
cocane	ppf	0	Developer
cocaxx	h4cms	1	Developer
coch	fillets	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cochard	freenas	1	Project Manager
cochi	rdqs	1	Project Manager
cochise	jabapper	0	Developer
cocia	jfox	0	Developer
cocia	orbas	1	Project Manager
cockalorem	guitarstudio	0	Web Designer
cockerham	rgb	1	No specific role
cocktail0815	unicats-i	0	Developer
cocktails	gl-117	0	Developer
coco	crystalquest	0	Developer
coco2banutz	chessgc	1	Developer
coco2banutz	spacefightergc	1	Developer
cocoaspud	uaf	1	Project Manager
cocoasteve	cocoaheads	1	Project Manager
cocoa_dood	hessianobjc	1	Developer
cocobo	sharpster	0	Developer
cocolapin	agent-sg	0	Developer
cocolas	demotoolkit	1	No specific role
cocoloko90	jtranslator	1	No specific role
cocomp	xtpl	1	Project Manager
cocomp	pn-modules	0	Developer
coconut	yoolex	1	No specific role
coconut	yooparse	1	No specific role
coconut	jscook	1	No specific role
coconut	cxterm	1	Project Manager
coconut	cookxml	1	Project Manager
coconut	cookmail	1	No specific role
coconut	tmud	1	No specific role
cocophotos	papyruspao	1	No specific role
cocoreille	newdonjon	1	No specific role
cocosx	asmshell	1	No specific role
cocothemonkey	furc	0	No specific role
cocoy	qf-utils	0	Developer
cocula	luceneserver	1	No specific role
cocus	octave	0	Developer
cod-admin	internetsurfer	1	No specific role
cod-x	escumm	0	Graphic/Other Designer
cod3gen	wsdl2php	1	All-Hands Person
codarin	meetman	0	No specific role
codarin	uwcsms	1	Project Manager
codarin	pixapp	1	Developer
codarin	jdbforms	0	Developer
codarin	jbbunit	1	No specific role
codav	khive	1	No specific role
code-bear	buildbot	0	Developer
code-bear	supybot	0	No specific role
code-blue	cbc	1	No specific role
code-master	smkvote	1	Developer
code-monkey	sinc	0	Developer
code-scribe	trackem	0	Developer
code16	rpbomb	0	Developer
code2011	aureus	1	No specific role
code29	sslmail	1	No specific role
code29	kidsos	1	No specific role
code4all	vimmer	1	Developer
code8k	hasnain	1	No specific role
codeagent	powerlift	1	No specific role
codealone	vinui	1	No specific role
codealone	conrepstudio	1	No specific role
codealone	jideos	1	No specific role
codeangel	elated	0	Developer
codearchitect	libgf	0	Developer
codeauto	codeauto	1	No specific role
codebang7788	puzzlemaker	1	No specific role
codebang7788	smgl	0	No specific role
codebase2k	bind9admin	1	No specific role
codebeetle	petousb	1	No specific role
codeberg	mytaiwan	1	No specific role
codeberg	patentstudio	1	No specific role
codebert9	theide	1	No specific role
codeblast	clop	1	No specific role
codeblock	dottraq	1	No specific role
codeblock	imho10	1	No specific role
codebox_rob	logmonitor	1	No specific role
codeboy105	tbaseos	1	Developer
codebytez	fractalbrowser	1	No specific role
codebytez	brrapi	1	No specific role
codecage	codecage	1	No specific role
codecamel	strsw	0	No specific role
codecamel	openrj	0	All-Hands Person
codecamel	arturius	0	Developer
codecamel	recls	0	No specific role
codecamel	recls2	1	Developer
codecfault	gsec	1	No specific role
codechecker	vdp	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
codeco	model-builder	0	Developer
codeco	epigrass	0	Project Manager
codecoaster	codecoast-vcwe	1	No specific role
codecoaster	taskmeister	1	No specific role
codecobra	chimesrv	1	No specific role
codecobra	dnsjail	1	No specific role
codecobra	pamsfs	1	No specific role
codecow	aardvarkfm	1	Developer
codecraig	zeitline	0	Developer
codecrazyfool	symdebug	0	Developer
codecrunchmen	keepconnection	1	No specific role
codec_zer0	webde	1	No specific role
codedigestion	domprofiler	1	No specific role
codediver	w-k-b	1	No specific role
codedjinn	blindsiren	0	No specific role
codedog_	searchpath	1	No specific role
codedot	pygx	1	Developer
codeduster	ordweb	0	Developer
codefather	augmented-real	0	Developer
codeforgenator	xge	1	No specific role
codefox	xmlnode	1	No specific role
codefox	signelf	1	No specific role
codefusion	quake2delphi	0	Developer
codegod	datingscript	1	Support Manager
codeguru	staffschedule	1	Developer
codeguru	swisstourn	1	Developer
codehammer	netgarner	1	No specific role
codehappykid	kbbim	0	Developer
codehar	e-xoopsmodules	0	Developer
codehelpgpg	gpe-expenses	1	No specific role
codehelpgpg	gaby	0	Developer
codehelpgpg	qof	1	All-Hands Person
codehelpgpg	qof-gen	1	Project Manager
codehelpgpg	quicklist	1	No specific role
codehelpgpg	pilot-qof	1	No specific role
codehelpgpg	isbnsearch	1	Project Manager
codehelpgpg	catviz	0	Developer
codehelpgpg	cashutil	1	Project Manager
codehunterworks	delphiworks	1	No specific role
codeimp	hellbent	1	Developer
codej	swir	1	No specific role
codejunki	kidzbrowser	0	Doc Writer
codekill	snip-a-lot	1	Developer
codeklopper	astatic	1	No specific role
codeklopper	adsenseportlet	1	No specific role
codeklopper	rssportlet	1	No specific role
codeklopper	flickrportlet	1	Project Manager
codeknecht	jaaa	1	Developer
codeknight	krusader	0	Doc Writer
codelair	csvbeans	0	Developer
codelife	periodictables	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
codelink	servermin	0	Developer
codelogic	panny	1	No specific role
codelord385	fuzzyms	1	Developer
codelovers	bluelovers	1	No specific role
codelust	podcastmanager	1	No specific role
codemac	cstatus	1	No specific role
codemachine	gtm	1	Developer
codemachine	visage	1	No specific role
codemagician	vassalengine	0	No specific role
codemangler	surecal	1	No specific role
codemangler	cpp2dia	1	All-Hands Person
codemangler	ospdflib	1	No specific role
codemar	aero	0	Developer
codemaster007	geektoolbox	1	No specific role
codemaster007	chatserve	1	No specific role
codemaster007	murge	1	No specific role
codemaster2	artima	1	No specific role
codemasterkv	jrenderer	1	Project Manager
codemasterkv	genericsudoku	0	Developer
codemasterkv	pnome	1	Support Manager
codemastermm	projectxi	0	Developer
codemastermm	omniathena	0	Developer
codemax	gnuerp	0	Developer
codemills	gimpshop	1	No specific role
codemind	vectorix	1	No specific role
codemonkeyx	cmx-phpbbmods	1	No specific role
codemonkey_uk	ai-standards	0	Developer
codemonkey_uk	movezig	0	No specific role
codemonkey_uk	es-entropy	1	No specific role
codemuppet	ccnet	0	Developer
codemuppet	thicky	0	Developer
codemutant	file-spector	0	Developer
codemwnci	mp2p	1	Project Manager
codemwnci	openspaces	1	No specific role
codename-matrix	gameserver-gg	1	No specific role
codename21	codename21	1	No specific role
codenameangel	care2002	0	Developer
codeneos	neosdb	1	No specific role
codenice	funshop	1	No specific role
codenitro	iboot	1	No specific role
codenova	ti-83	1	Project Manager
codenova	tclsmapi	1	No specific role
codeordie	frisklan	1	No specific role
codepoet311	damascas	0	Developer
codepoet311	onlinecinema	0	DBA (Database Administrator)
codepoet80	jsobjects	1	No specific role
codepoet80	ipodcontrol	1	No specific role
codepoet80	photoshare	1	No specific role
codepoet80	remotecalendars	0	Developer
codepoetry	linklog	1	Project Manager
coder03	photomatrix	1	No specific role
coder0xff	oddart	1	No specific role
coder111	swarmcachefork	1	No specific role
coder12124	userp	0	Developer
coder12124	mycutemessenger	1	No specific role
coder2000	vidaserver	1	Project Manager
coder7	frickfrack	1	No specific role
coder7	heraldry	1	No specific role
coder70	rwiki	1	All-Hands Person
coder777	nboss	1	No specific role
coder90210	cougar	1	All-Hands Person
coder90210	taws	1	No specific role
coderapor	dvorient	0	Developer
coderatwork089	assi	1	No specific role
coderbybirth	bitpeddler	1	Project Manager
coderdude	cdx	0	Developer
coderdude	mcdx	1	Project Manager
codereaper	htmlclient	0	Unix Admin
codergeek42	gpl-chat	1	No specific role
codergeek42	pearbb	1	No specific role
codergeek42	starkblog	0	Developer
codergurl	phpgeekbook	1	Developer
coderjoe	voxnet	1	Developer
coderjoe	stepmania	0	Developer
coderjoe	quake	0	Developer
coderjoe	bbs	1	Developer
coderman	assl	1	Developer
coderman	fileman1	1	No specific role
codernaut	ioverflow	0	Developer
coderninu	cryptmachine	1	No specific role
coderoid	biztycoon	0	Developer
codertux	s1mp3	0	Developer
coderwannabe	plat	0	Developer
coderwannabe	ahwac	1	No specific role
coderwriter99	tporpheus	0	Developer
coder_	gtkstreamripper	1	No specific role
coder_	podkast	1	No specific role
coder_1024	pittrainer	1	No specific role
coder_1024	tsdisp	1	No specific role
coder_1024	recmp3	1	No specific role
coder_1024	sbstat	1	No specific role
coder_1024	sbtray	1	No specific role
coder_1024	pagewatcher	1	No specific role
coder_1024	opendds	1	No specific role
coder_1024	webarena	1	No specific role
coder_1024	wma2oggvorbis	1	No specific role
coder_1024	netrate	1	No specific role
coder_1024	multiping	1	Developer
coder_1024	lfgapp	1	No specific role
coder_2020	ride-gaming	0	Developer
coder_2020	mtbrowser	0	Developer
coder_clint	rkive	1	No specific role
coder_gp2x	greader2x	1	No specific role
coder_sku	ninjicular	1	No specific role
coder_sku	builditis	1	No specific role
coder_sku	beepmp	0	No specific role
codesailor	winjets	0	Developer
codeserf	wsmake	1	Developer
codeserf	libtui	1	Developer
codeserf	rero	1	No specific role
codeshaker	docwhatsup	1	No specific role
codeshark	invisibleip	1	Developer
codeshark	freeweb	0	Developer
codeshepherd	sudonix	1	No specific role
codeslasher	schatten	0	Developer
codeslayer	bitpeddler	0	Developer
codesmythe	reliable	1	No specific role
codesquid	fipps	0	No specific role
codestash	nalacad	1	No specific role
codestormer	pratis	1	Developer
codestormer	webircstats	0	Web Designer
codetalker1	touchatou	1	Developer
codetalker1	etalkers	1	No specific role
codethief	contentartist	1	Project Manager
codethread	potron	0	Developer
codethread	argosamp	0	Developer
codetoad	gtkhx	0	Developer
codetrifle	handy	1	No specific role
codetrifle	tracetcp	1	Developer
codeus	eblog	1	Developer
codeux	codeuxceditor	1	No specific role
codevalve	ssjs	0	Graphic/Other Designer
codevise	xpe	0	Developer
codewarmonkey	lasers	0	Developer
codewarrior	efl-sharp	0	Developer
codewarrior	q40	1	Project Manager
codewarrior	enlightenment	1	Developer
codewarrior123	javaplot	1	Developer
codewarriorkai	tum-jasmin	1	Developer
codeweaver	bzflag	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
codeweaver	cdsa	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
codeweaver	antaean	1	Project Manager
codewhacker	opendns-120	1	No specific role
codewhacker	nslu	0	Developer
codewiz	bdm	1	No specific role
codewiz	dlab	1	Project Manager
codewiz	gfactory	1	No specific role
codewizard05	dhsource	0	No specific role
codewizonline	cwmessenger	1	Developer
codeword	openxpad	1	No specific role
codeword	kefe	1	No specific role
codeword	mp3admin	1	No specific role
codeword	qmls	1	No specific role
codeworker	codeworker	1	No specific role
codewright	phpmm	1	No specific role
codewright	infotreeview	1	No specific role
codewright	fullsync	1	Developer
codewriter120	skb	0	Developer
codex	malayalamlinux	0	Web Designer
codex	gtlt	0	Doc Writer
codexombie	jspasm	1	No specific role
codexp	vbaircd	1	No specific role
codex_	uop	0	Developer
codex_	wpdev	0	Developer
code_addict	hermit	1	No specific role
code_assassin	imager	1	Developer
code_cracker012	magneto	1	No specific role
code_dog	uranium	1	Developer
code_dog	xreg	1	No specific role
code_driller	dotnetwikibot	1	No specific role
code_fish	labsatwiki	0	Developer
code_g	activeagenda	1	No specific role
code_gems	mpnt	1	Developer
code_jack	codejack	1	No specific role
code_juggler	winjuggler	1	No specific role
code_munky	pangaea	1	Project Manager
code_ninja	snak	0	Developer
code_tin	antibadsite	1	No specific role
code_tin	home	1	No specific role
code_tin	vhost	1	Project Manager
code_wizard	libgdn	0	Developer
code_wrecker	ou-cs442-542	0	Developer
codfather	smoothwall	1	Developer
codger	php-sa-mysql	0	Developer
codificer	bookspro	1	No specific role
codinaberration	jtalker	1	No specific role
codingbear	gpe4gtk	0	Developer
codingdomain	xforum2	1	Developer
codingdomain	kmess	1	Developer
codingdomain	eightball	1	No specific role
codingfactory	ring-community	1	No specific role
codingheaven	heavenos	1	Developer
codinghorror	subtext	0	Developer
codinglife	magmachat	1	Developer
codingman	cdx	0	Developer
codingmaster	cdexos	1	Project Manager
codingmaster	php-force	1	No specific role
codingmaster	myserver	1	Project Manager
codingmaster	hardenedlinux	1	Project Manager
codingmaster	devpaks	0	No specific role
codingmaster	ust	1	Project Manager
codingr	terabyte	0	No specific role
codingsama	openem	1	Project Manager
codlaug	kolsimulator	1	Developer
codler	spindemonia	0	Developer
codmaster	liveftp	1	No specific role
codognet	wasa	1	Project Manager
codon	pyaes	1	No specific role
codon	pycrypto	0	Developer
codon	cryptkit	1	No specific role
codrut106	malakh	0	Developer
codw85	hacker-wars	1	Developer
codybrown	rsf	0	Developer
codyhess	pscrape	1	No specific role
codyhs	zdlsharp	1	No specific role
codyhs	vetris	1	Project Manager
codyhs	vheaders	1	No specific role
codyhs	vortex-os	1	All-Hands Person
codyhs	soe	1	All-Hands Person
codykm	btplusplus	1	Developer
codyro	donutnews	1	Developer
codysmith	oab	1	All-Hands Person
codyteng	adwin	1	No specific role
codythelump	sunmaillogproc	1	Developer
cody_batt	beeblebrox	1	Developer
codz	housekeeper	0	No specific role
cod_act	callindata	1	No specific role
cod_fsfe	scourge	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
coekie	evilnet	0	Developer
coekie	feds	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
coel	icecreamtron	1	No specific role
coelocanth	megamek	0	Developer
coelus	the-barrier	1	No specific role
coen	dcf77	1	No specific role
coenier	bluelock	1	No specific role
coepsx	magicnetsend	1	No specific role
coepsx	msn1000v2	1	No specific role
coepsx	mjk	1	No specific role
coertel	edt	1	Developer
coester	estudy	0	Developer
coezbek	dpp	1	Project Manager
coezbek	wikijavadoc	1	Project Manager
coezbek	jempbox	0	Developer
coezbek	jabref	0	No specific role
coe_rivka	orodruin	1	No specific role
coffee-mug	blaise-cc	1	No specific role
coffeeadmin	coffeeadmin	1	No specific role
coffeeadmin	code2tags	1	No specific role
coffeeblack	openccg	0	Developer
coffeendonut	puc	1	No specific role
coffeendonut	isisdialjava	1	No specific role
coffeequick	gnns	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
coffeesoft	jlist2d	1	No specific role
coffeetea9	joytask	0	Tester
coffeetea9	fbds	0	Developer
coffek	dcgui-gtkmm	1	Developer
coffinboy	backbone	1	No specific role
coffinshaker	phpaquablog	0	Developer
coffler	netlinx-modules	1	All-Hands Person
coffmeman	mwextensions	1	No specific role
coffmeman	jadminusers	1	No specific role
coffmeman	jdiary	1	No specific role
coffmeman	clanmanage	1	No specific role
coffmeman	unicraft	0	Developer
coffmeman	ricochetmidlet	1	No specific role
coffmeman	hlconsoleadmin	1	No specific role
coffmeman	hlmapupdate	1	No specific role
cofinoa	meteolab	1	No specific role
cofruben	mxoemu	0	Developer
cofruben	eqemulator	0	Developer
cofter_de	solania	1	No specific role
cog01	necklace	1	No specific role
cog64	darknova	1	Developer
cogardig	constantads	1	No specific role
cogardig	cosf	1	Project Manager
cogardig	ultimatelistsys	1	Project Manager
cogardig	untar	1	Project Manager
cogardig	midi	1	No specific role
cogardig	phpgetdiff	1	Project Manager
cogardig	phpmultimeed	1	No specific role
cogardig	phpindexer	1	Project Manager
cogdogblog	mlx	1	Project Manager
cogent	owasp-input-api	0	Developer
coggy	xferlogdb	0	No specific role
cogit	delphi	1	Developer
coglink	tnlink	1	No specific role
cogmaid	ta3d	0	Graphic/Other Designer
cognitio	bandwidthmon	1	No specific role
cognizen	borgmind	1	No specific role
cogo	coblog	1	All-Hands Person
cogo	phpprojectman	1	No specific role
cogriffi	rpmspec	1	Project Manager
cogruber	ginco	1	Project Manager
cogruber	kinco	1	Project Manager
cogs	lemp	1	No specific role
cogs	medit	1	Project Manager
cogs	imgman	1	Developer
cogs	unarchiver	1	Project Manager
cogs	usermanage	1	Project Manager
cogumbreiro	tovid	0	Developer
cogumbreiro	sdl4java	0	Project Manager
cogumbreiro	morphix	0	Developer
cogumbreiro	cdmirror	1	No specific role
coh	mudlin	1	No specific role
coheed	engine-x	0	Graphic/Other Designer
coherentlogic	xosplus	1	No specific role
coherentlogic	cmax	1	No specific role
coherentlogic	pbl	1	No specific role
cohesion	invisibleip	0	Developer
cohmapapp	cohmapapp	1	No specific role
coho	ewpatas	1	No specific role
coho	vpns	1	No specific role
coho	pn-xuser	1	Developer
coho	pnwa	1	No specific role
coho	javateria	1	No specific role
cohort	book-timeline	1	No specific role
cohrs	nethack	1	Developer
cohvh	chevrolett	1	Project Manager
coincoin	jpronos	1	Project Manager
coindude99	emsys	0	Developer
cointreau22	gestos	0	Developer
coinz	winmusenet	1	No specific role
coissac	intenz	0	Developer
cojocar	mini-cs	1	Project Manager
cojocarusergiu	vdbdisk	1	No specific role
cojocarusergiu	alcplusbt	1	No specific role
cojones	cadmin	1	Project Manager
cojones	quica	1	Developer
cojones	spamabuser	1	Project Manager
cojpk	wubs	1	Developer
cojpk	roads	1	No specific role
cokane	sdlmm	1	No specific role
cokane	pgmfi	0	No specific role
cokejunky	blendutil	1	No specific role
cokeman1982	ezquake	0	Developer
coke_scp	kplconvert	1	No specific role
col-panic	goalpost	0	Developer
colabron	sequiel	1	Developer
colalord	balder	0	Developer
colarte	pythonical	1	No specific role
colas	twikiplugins	0	Developer
colas	twiki	0	Developer
colas	koalagraphics	1	No specific role
colas616	simple-math	0	Developer
colas616	slicklinux	0	No specific role
colavampire	eledge	0	Developer
colbaz	aixgrep-w-r	1	No specific role
colbell	squirrel-sql	1	All-Hands Person
colberts	nouveau	0	Developer
colbvmx	phpnetzero	0	Developer
colby6521	phprateit	1	Developer
cold-hearted	snort-ai	1	No specific role
cold1978	vorton	0	Graphic/Other Designer
coldark	drachenfels	0	Developer
coldblood	eridu	1	All-Hands Person
coldblooded	php-tagebuch	1	No specific role
coldcoil	noodle	1	No specific role
colddot	ucemaker	1	Developer
colder	phpmyupdate	1	No specific role
coldfusionpaul	javainetlocator	0	Developer
coldfusionpaul	cfgeolib	1	All-Hands Person
coldfusionpaul	boardfusion	0	Developer
coldfusionpaul	spaw-cf	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
coldfusionsq	prjfreedom	0	Graphic/Other Designer
coldfuzion	aareport	0	Developer
coldgen	openxcf	0	No specific role
coldguy	tivotool	0	Unix Admin
coldication	fullphpbb	1	No specific role
colding	argopt	1	No specific role
coldiso	openrpr	1	Developer
coldkillerlips	emulator-city	1	No specific role
coldmoon	wowaceportage	1	No specific role
coldn	multiscan	1	No specific role
coldphage	quickshare	1	No specific role
coldpie	pnewssystem	1	User Interface (UI) Designer
coldray	asp-cms	0	Developer
coldray	shadowlands	1	No specific role
coldshine	overdoze	1	No specific role
coldsoul	mycore	0	Developer
coldstar	dcmsee	1	No specific role
coldstore	libtclpq	1	No specific role
coldstore	tcl	0	No specific role
coldstore	tclhttpd	0	Developer
coldstore	tcllib	0	Developer
coldstore	tclxpcom	0	Developer
coldstore	tclvfs	0	Developer
coldstore	tclplugin	0	Developer
coldstore	opencxx	0	No specific role
coldstore	coldstore	1	No specific role
coldtobi	af-cdvdtaper	1	No specific role
coldtobi	batwachter	1	No specific role
coldy_robsten	sagengine	0	Developer
cold_connection	hexplorer	0	Tester
cold_drink	lightphpcms	1	Project Manager
coleart	colearthelpdesk	1	No specific role
colebarksdale	cfopenbb	0	Developer
coledd	mspgcc	0	Developer
colelodge	aim-cli	1	No specific role
colemanization	gpib-java	0	Developer
colemanr	pfaat	0	Developer
colemarcus	mics	0	Developer
colen	cogroo	1	All-Hands Person
colept	illusioncms	1	No specific role
colesbury	mutewastehybrid	0	Developer
coletta	conacq	1	No specific role
coletta	chocotree	1	No specific role
coletta	dischoco	1	No specific role
coletta	simulroutage	1	No specific role
colettap	time	1	Project Manager
colewerner	bartend	1	No specific role
colganc	planarstates	1	No specific role
colganc	rmm	1	No specific role
colgreen	sharpneat	1	No specific role
colhutch	adcalc	0	Web Designer
colin-adams	goanna	1	Project Manager
colin-adams	gobo-eiffel	0	Developer
colin-adams	gestalt	1	No specific role
colin-adams	eiffel-emacs	0	Developer
colin-adams	eiffel-dbxml	1	No specific role
colin-adams	eiffel-edom	1	No specific role
colin-adams	e-parrot	1	No specific role
colin-adams	fxsl	0	Developer
colin01	atwin	0	No specific role
colin1985	calendarous	1	No specific role
colinat	codeshine	1	No specific role
colinbarnette	upcow	1	No specific role
colinbb	aeris3d	1	No specific role
colinbb	mathlib3d	1	Project Manager
colinblake	gnv	1	Developer
colinbloch	icradius	0	Developer
colinbreame	litmus	1	No specific role
colinbreame	clitdb	1	No specific role
colinbreame	xvn	1	No specific role
colinbreame	nsqlcli	1	No specific role
colinbritton	blojsim	0	No specific role
colinc	marcpm	0	Developer
colincrist	hermesjms	1	Project Manager
colincrist	jmsutils	1	No specific role
colincross	tuxphone	1	All-Hands Person
colind	katvef	1	Developer
colindickson	dist-judge	1	No specific role
colindoncaster	liquidmaya	1	Developer
colineberhardt	sitetranslator	1	No specific role
colineberhardt	headliner	1	No specific role
colinfinck	freebar	1	No specific role
colingrady	sidsc	1	Project Manager
colingrant	formattonecreat	1	No specific role
colinharrison	xming	1	No specific role
colinhill	atmp	1	Project Manager
colinhorne	opeal	0	Developer
colinjay66	freebob	0	Developer
colinjcotter	libvpm	1	No specific role
colinkeigher	omoikane	1	No specific role
colinlaney	belgravia	1	No specific role
colinleroy	biloba	0	Developer
colinleroy	ayttm	1	Project Manager
colinleroy	testo-reader	1	No specific role
colinleroy	gtkplayerembed	1	No specific role
colinleroy	libetpan	0	No specific role
colinleroy	dudusdl	1	Project Manager
colinleroy	sylpheed-claws	1	Developer
colinmacleod	openphotoalbum	1	No specific role
colinmacleod	ivatamasks	1	No specific role
colinmacleod	ivatacontacts	1	No specific role
colinmacleod	ivatacms	1	No specific role
colinmacleod	ivataopenportal	1	No specific role
colinmacleod	roundtrip	1	No specific role
colinmo	tikiwiki	0	Developer
colinmunro	bdadev	1	Developer
colinmunro	lcdproc	0	No specific role
colino	mx3bot	1	No specific role
colino	fxstats	1	No specific role
colino	alperl	1	No specific role
colinpl	fmule	1	No specific role
colinramsay	soundserver	1	No specific role
colinrgodsey	phpdes	1	No specific role
colins	springframework	1	Developer
colins	acegisecurity	0	Developer
colins2	flylegacy	0	Developer
colins30	oracle-apex	0	Project Manager
colinstephenson	nocc	0	Developer
colinstrasser	whodid	0	All-Hands Person
colintu	emdebian	0	Developer
colintu	cd-circle-print	1	Project Manager
colintu	brandy	1	No specific role
colintu	mixmaster	1	Developer
colinval	vaschedules	1	No specific role
colinval	fortproject	1	No specific role
colinwalters	rhythmbox	1	No specific role
colinwalters	gstreamer	0	No specific role
colinwebber	xorro	1	All-Hands Person
colinwebber	basn	1	No specific role
colinwebber	precis	1	Developer
colinwilcox	dsm	1	Developer
colinwpi	wpigdc-cms	0	Unix Admin
colinzhao	portablerulebox	1	No specific role
colin_anderson	sqlfpas	0	Developer
colin_dick	juraxquery	1	Developer
colin_kershaw	nmock	0	No specific role
colin_sauze	nanocom	1	No specific role
colin_tatham	mdcog	1	Developer
colin_tatham	guanxi	0	Developer
colin_tatham	bodington	1	Developer
colin_tatham	trecx	1	Developer
colin_tatham	jafer	1	Developer
colin_tatham	ramble	1	No specific role
colin_torney	sim-fluidflows	1	No specific role
colin_wills	js-ftp	1	No specific role
colin_wills	twsws	1	No specific role
colisciences	colis	1	No specific role
colistech	sgetcolistech	1	Developer
coljac	veryquickwiki	0	Developer
coljac	theadmiral	1	No specific role
coljac	hanzihelper	1	No specific role
coljac	jdip	0	Developer
coljac	jimmygo	1	No specific role
colklink	solidstate	1	Project Manager
collab	collabgl	1	No specific role
collarjn	inkboard	1	No specific role
collatinus	ofset	1	Developer
collatinus	collatinusita	1	Project Manager
colleenlewis	lladd	0	No specific role
collembola	cyberwebform	1	Developer
collen	pdbsql	1	Developer
collger	robocupagent	1	No specific role
collink	nubcms	1	No specific role
collinsr	vxl	0	No specific role
collintsiva	thenali	1	No specific role
collinux	libofx	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
collinux	grisbi	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
collinwinter	typecheck	1	Developer
collinwinter	svnmock	1	Project Manager
collinwinter	python	0	Developer
collin_g	jdistro	0	Developer
collin_g	javaurl	1	Developer
collin_g	jsh	1	Project Manager
collin_g	appliweb	1	Project Manager
collord	elinux	0	Developer
coll_backdraft	backdraft	1	No specific role
colmcd	lcdp	0	Distributor/Promoter
colmo	devallocator	1	Project Manager
colmode	rb2fsdb	1	Developer
colnaghi	jagax	1	No specific role
colofabrix	universibo	0	Developer
cologic	chiyo	0	Developer
cologic	rhubarb	1	No specific role
colol	fakebo	1	No specific role
colombini	meshlab	0	No specific role
colombus1981	moozikocs	1	No specific role
colonelcoup	phpwsplugins	0	Developer
coloneldork	rptools	0	Developer
colonel_sf	avr	1	No specific role
colonist	colonist	1	Project Manager
colony7	colony7	1	Developer
coloradocwboy	mepsth	0	Unix Admin
coloradoweb	meteorcms	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
coloradoweb	tiki2	1	User Interface (UI) Designer
coloradoweb	tikiwiki	0	Developer
colorblind	foing	1	Project Manager
coloredpixels	phpgedview	0	Developer
colorguest	color	0	No specific role
coloroco	openipmi	0	Developer
colorred	copaint	1	No specific role
colorrr	freecol	0	Analysis / Design
colorrr	ageofreedom	0	Tester
colorrr	kreator	0	Tester
color_of_magic	dissco	0	Developer
colosis	lizardware	0	Developer
colossinfo	diogene87	0	Tester
colourblindbox	colourblind	1	No specific role
colourles	pentagram	0	Developer
colourles	glide	0	No specific role
colourles	exult	0	Developer
colpik	minicda	1	No specific role
colpolyp	phpmohadmin	0	Developer
colsystems	aeongdk	0	Developer
coltekin	gnu-tr	0	Developer
colter	fire	0	Developer
colthiron	crzcomm	1	No specific role
coltishware	tskim	1	No specific role
columcille	klight	1	No specific role
colus	zact	1	No specific role
colus	yorijori	1	Developer
colvert86	alienorweblibre	0	Developer
colvinc	netraid	1	No specific role
colwaar	jbig2dec	0	No specific role
colyli	openipmi	0	Developer
colyli	ext2fsrecovery	1	No specific role
colyli	mlxos	1	Project Manager
colz	tyriel	0	Developer
col_phil_bilko	pyhtpc	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
col_sanders420	rio500-tui	1	No specific role
com-style	jp3	1	Developer
com-sx	neo-mm	1	No specific role
com4	darkfire	0	Web Designer
com4	kwalbum	0	No specific role
coma256	joinme	1	No specific role
coma256	fb-s60	1	No specific role
comaboy	webfile	1	No specific role
comar961	amarokfs	1	Unix Admin
comarcat	miautrixcbv	1	No specific role
comarge	comarge	1	No specific role
comaxim	comaxim-cam	1	No specific role
comb	pyt	1	No specific role
comb	xmldata	1	No specific role
comb	speakemail	1	Developer
combain	ofm	0	No specific role
combean	swimp	1	No specific role
combean	combean	1	No specific role
combi	dataxi	1	No specific role
combo	dcsys	1	All-Hands Person
combobulator	j2meadvent	1	No specific role
combot	combot	1	No specific role
combrig	goodbyamerica	1	Project Manager
combsrm	openvetmed	0	Developer
comcat	jprojectman	1	Developer
comcol	dirssync	0	No specific role
comcon1	qm-tools	1	No specific role
comdivisionkvii	compiere-nma	0	Developer
comdivisionkvii	compiere	0	Developer
comdivisionys	compiere-nma	1	Developer
comdivisionys	compiere	0	Project Manager
comdog	brian-d-foy	1	Project Manager
comdog	apache-htaccess	1	No specific role
comdog	perl-rss	1	Project Manager
comdog	perl-isbn	1	No specific role
comdog	nsbookmarks	1	No specific role
comdriver	php-editoride	1	No specific role
comealong	frehex	1	No specific role
comefromottawa	ioanywhere	0	Developer
comella	comella	1	No specific role
comepu	rs-rtos	0	Project Manager
comepu	shelltalk	1	No specific role
comernet	phptrafmon	0	No specific role
cometen	silution-ircd	1	Project Manager
comet_11	xrcd	1	Support Manager
comexk	sigmal	1	No specific role
comfuture	jstoy	1	Project Manager
comfynumb	ibankgenie	1	No specific role
comiac	ibaccess	0	No specific role
comick85	gnopaste	0	Developer
comick85	atevents	1	Project Manager
comikozie	jimbovector3d	1	All-Hands Person
comiotto	elml	0	No specific role
comisat	comisat-games	1	No specific role
comix	hydrogen	1	Developer
comjat	log	1	No specific role
comjat	comjat-api	1	No specific role
comjat	observer	1	No specific role
comjat	remotor	1	No specific role
comkee	afri	1	No specific role
comkeen	scmtt	1	No specific role
comkeen	romf	1	No specific role
comkeen	rpmwiz	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
comkeen	jmailto	1	No specific role
comkeen	tiwarriors	0	Developer
comkeen	fliwiz-tt	1	No specific role
comlogik	remark	1	Project Manager
comlord	optronic	1	No specific role
command0	ob51	0	Developer
command1989	commands-winapp	1	No specific role
commander2000	php-pet	1	Developer
commanderger	emulemorph	0	Developer
commanderxp	wr1t3r	1	No specific role
commander_th0r	tslrpg	0	Developer
commander_z	zpower	1	No specific role
commandobob	dreadnought	1	No specific role
commandprompt	plphp	1	No specific role
commarla	leetconverter	1	No specific role
commedo	bugs-bug-genie	0	Tester
commendatore	symbionux	1	No specific role
commentor	xanswer	0	Developer
commfreak	javartmpserver	1	No specific role
commiestork	xtmql	1	No specific role
commodore_128	c128-bbs-devel	1	No specific role
commonchaos	palm-mash	1	No specific role
commondialog	joom	1	Analysis / Design
commonkind	ufmcontrol	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
commorragh	wowamp	1	No specific role
commorragh	sorry	1	No specific role
commorragh	hel	1	No specific role
commorragh	atatk	0	Developer
commune	commune	1	No specific role
commune	communeclient	1	No specific role
commxx	helpserv	1	No specific role
comoc	nice	0	Developer
comoc	launchnet	1	All-Hands Person
comoc	djin	1	No specific role
comoc	yajre	1	No specific role
comoc	antz	1	No specific role
comoc	openfoam	1	All-Hands Person
comoc	jing	1	No specific role
comoc	jedeb	1	No specific role
comoc	rhinojetty	1	All-Hands Person
comocomocomo	boost-sandbox	0	Developer
comocomocomo	sudoku-sensei	1	No specific role
comocomocomo	avl-array	1	No specific role
comodin	e-game	1	Developer
comodin	tierramedia	0	Developer
comodo	comodo	1	Project Manager
comp241	kqemugui	1	No specific role
comp241	webcp	1	Project Manager
comp615	alpmod	0	Developer
comp615	alp	0	Developer
compact-mac	cmpptmov	1	No specific role
compactman	autotek	0	Tester
company	gstreamer	0	Developer
compaqadm	cciss	1	Project Manager
compaqadm	cpqarray	1	Project Manager
compaqadm	cpqfc	1	No specific role
compaqadm	dv2stream	1	Project Manager
compaqadm	ldapweb	1	No specific role
compaqadm	ethereal-graph	1	No specific role
compaqdrew	codefight	1	No specific role
compaqdrew	vdevice	1	No specific role
compas	compas-pro	1	Project Manager
compas1	compas-pro	1	No specific role
compasitator	digify	0	Developer
compavalanche	scijax	1	Project Manager
compbassgeek	tom	1	No specific role
compbrain	studentcenter	1	Project Manager
compbuilder33	armed	0	Developer
compcity	butterflycp	0	Developer
compenguy	lc2sim	1	Project Manager
compenguy	ooobook	1	Developer
compgk1979	phpmin	1	Project Manager
compgl	spinglpp	1	Developer
compgod32	gazroth	1	No specific role
compgrokker	ghostmgr	1	No specific role
compgrokker	anjali	1	Project Manager
compguy17	hamster-run	1	Developer
compholio	scummvm	0	Developer
compholio	whiskeyclone	1	Developer
compi	esms	0	Developer
compiled	pendesktop	0	No specific role
complement	stlport	1	Project Manager
complement	arabica	0	No specific role
complement	complement	1	All-Hands Person
complexmath	shwild	1	Developer
complxmind	templateengine	0	Web Designer
complystill	odsclientcompl	1	No specific role
compnerd_	cfircx	1	Project Manager
compnski	xiangchi	1	No specific role
compnski	spamdam	1	No specific role
compol	compol	1	No specific role
compona	puzzle	1	Developer
componentbeest	odml	0	Developer
composerjohnson	biztycoon	0	Graphic/Other Designer
compostella	pim4j	1	No specific role
compotatoj	dbgl	1	No specific role
compphys	resumon	1	Project Manager
compr1exp	darkbytes	0	Developer
comprookie2000	sharplines	1	Developer
compscich	gmdvw02	0	Developer
compsci_bruce	taxgeek	0	Developer
compsi	jester	0	Developer
compsoc	lightbikes3d	1	Project Manager
comptekki	dbwebdev	1	No specific role
comptekki	phpmynet	1	No specific role
comptiger5000	sfunction	1	Project Manager
comptiger5000	nitrox-studios	1	No specific role
compuart	yabbse	1	Developer
compubiter	poison	1	No specific role
compubomb	newscenter	0	Developer
compuchip	misfis	1	No specific role
compudaze	moviedaze	1	No specific role
compudent	firetrack	1	Developer
compudj	trafficcount	1	No specific role
compukid128	gnome-nl	0	Web Designer
compukid128	nosleepsoftware	0	Developer
compunach	alflac	1	No specific role
compuproggy	moodle	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
compusic	squeak	0	No specific role
computabloke	aatopendcd	1	Developer
computabloke	mdch	0	Developer
computabloke	obscureservers	0	No specific role
computacrazi	sandtrap	0	Web Designer
compute	compoman	0	Web Designer
computer-geek	site-in-a-box	1	No specific role
computer-grid	care2002	0	Developer
computer-grid	m2everyware	1	No specific role
computer-nosnos	clansphere	0	Developer
computer-phreak	dragonmagi	1	All-Hands Person
computergeek693	sktcp	1	No specific role
computergeek693	logic-security	1	Project Manager
computergeek693	logic-ops	1	No specific role
computergeek693	open-release	0	Developer
computergeek693	sharedftp	1	Developer
computergeek693	meta-verse	1	No specific role
computerguruami	dsdevguild	0	Graphic/Other Designer
computerlogix	myoe	0	Developer
computermage	c-smile	1	All-Hands Person
computermage	trion	0	No specific role
computermike	openjean	1	Project Manager
computermutt	commonbot	1	Developer
computerwolf	digitalproduct	1	No specific role
computerxit	eciadslgui	1	No specific role
computerxit	eciadsl	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
computerxit	openitalia	0	Doc Writer
computer_arts	winantivir	1	No specific role
computer_guy57	enigma-cracker	1	No specific role
computer_xu	d2realm	0	Developer
computrguru	fckosc	1	No specific role
computrguru	fcknukepatinum	1	No specific role
computrguru	fcknuke	1	No specific role
computrguru	fckpostnuke	1	No specific role
compuvative	zen	0	Graphic/Other Designer
compuvative	aftermaze	0	Graphic/Other Designer
compuvative	plat	0	Graphic/Other Designer
compwiz55555	cmss	1	No specific role
compwizard	cmss	1	No specific role
comp_shrink	ubuntuplus	1	No specific role
comrad	freecnc	0	Web Designer
comrade64	vframer	1	No specific role
comrade64	screan	1	No specific role
comrade693	rtse	1	Developer
comradebg	monstersmash	1	No specific role
comradehm	zztpp	0	Developer
comradejosh	reded	1	No specific role
comradek	aimbe	1	No specific role
comradexavier	sameosx	1	No specific role
comsas	fckeditor	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
comsoft1908	jaspercall	1	No specific role
comsomer	cdillo	1	No specific role
comstud	undernet-ircu	0	Developer
comsubvie	group-office	0	Developer
comtek	fseconomy	0	Developer
comtux	comtuxaps	1	No specific role
comun	zeral-wander	1	No specific role
comunica2	ossuite	0	Developer
comwalk	gmod-xdl	1	Developer
comwizx	ibrary	1	No specific role
comwizz	nsen	0	All-Hands Person
comwizz	nash	1	Developer
comxer	fruityart	1	Developer
com_2087g	struts-it	1	Developer
con-man	a-conman	1	No specific role
conal_tuohy	jfor	0	Developer
conal_tuohy	tei	0	No specific role
conal_tuohy	tm4j	1	Project Manager
conan45	libmikeys	1	No specific role
conan59	colimamud	1	Project Manager
conan_sh	v2lin	0	Analysis / Design
conbart	s-trace	1	Developer
conbart	pam-cifs	0	No specific role
conbart	pam-cups	0	No specific role
conber	qpemail	1	No specific role
concas	diee-mad	1	No specific role
concas	polaris4os	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
concentr8devil	ebmcalcti	0	Developer
concentric0	lanhandle	0	Developer
concentus	commentcodegen	1	All-Hands Person
conceptjunkie	ricklib	1	No specific role
conceptualizer	wsepepop	1	No specific role
concertoman	locket	0	Developer
conchi	mobile-game-is	0	Developer
concodia	funkyplot	1	No specific role
concord	todo-calendar	1	No specific role
concordia	esim	1	Developer
conde_gz	free-hrdwre-mng	1	No specific role
condordes	metafs	1	Project Manager
condordes	plutils	1	No specific role
condordes	plweb	1	All-Hands Person
condordes	utk	1	No specific role
condordes	infomgr	1	No specific role
conduche	zdisplay	1	No specific role
condurre	openlldp	1	Developer
cond_zenith	tt2	0	No specific role
cone83	balour	1	Developer
cone83	panoramaviewer	1	No specific role
conector	conector	1	No specific role
coneill	chiphpug	0	Developer
confach	bugkiller	1	Project Manager
confact	dunbot	1	No specific role
confed16	wlanfe	1	No specific role
confex	confex	1	No specific role
confidence	saffire	0	Web Designer
confidential_	dvorient	0	Developer
conforti	tql	1	No specific role
confucious	opentitler	1	All-Hands Person
confucious	muq	0	No specific role
confusion42	pdfcrack	1	No specific role
confuso	concms	1	No specific role
confuso	tekirc	1	Web Designer
confy	txtforum1	1	All-Hands Person
cong	jostore	0	Developer
congoz	sv-asm	1	No specific role
congtak	tcsd	0	Developer
congtak	jet	0	No specific role
congua	sdlengine	1	Project Manager
coniecto	raziel-com	1	No specific role
conio	tomasoft	0	Developer
conio	jihad	1	No specific role
conio	capster	1	No specific role
coniptor	adv-random-gen	0	Tester
conjam	jolo	1	Developer
conjugateprior	yoshikoder	1	No specific role
conjugnu	conjugnu	1	Developer
conjurer	cppclasses	1	No specific role
conjurer	inieditor	1	No specific role
conjurer	uidk	1	No specific role
conjurer	htmlsdk	1	No specific role
conjurerprime	codex-2001	1	No specific role
conker23	samoth	0	Developer
conkerll	ged	1	No specific role
conklin2	navi3	0	Developer
conlackey	penguicon	0	All-Hands Person
conmotto	hdlg	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
connary_scott	controltier	1	Developer
connary_scott	antdepo	1	No specific role
connect20022002	orbas	0	Developer
connect5d	connect5d	1	No specific role
connectedworlds	connectedworlds	1	No specific role
connectfour	connect-4	0	No specific role
connectiongmbh	moshmenu	1	No specific role
connectme	acadnuke	1	No specific role
connel	mumps4en-wikt	1	No specific role
connell	collect	1	Developer
connermo	tikiwiki	0	Developer
connertc	nemosomen	0	Developer
connertc	gljaune	1	All-Hands Person
conner_bw	dekstasy	0	No specific role
conner_bw	sux0r	1	No specific role
conner_mccall	b-flat	1	No specific role
connex	d2realm	1	Project Manager
connexion2000	mysql-qt	1	No specific role
connie1000	utrobocupai	0	No specific role
conniemg	pixelpost	1	Developer
connolly58	anitacode	0	No specific role
connsmythe96	real-profile	1	Project Manager
connyhald	j-algo	0	No specific role
connysvensson	centerstage	1	Developer
connywesth	prjctrlmgr	1	No specific role
connywesth	verimentorsmerp	1	Project Manager
connywesth	gerpdb	1	No specific role
cono	gscms	1	Developer
conop-systems	egw-pbx	1	No specific role
conorcahill	openliberty	1	Developer
conormuldoon	agentfactory	1	Developer
conostix	poprox	1	Project Manager
conphecda	penguicon	0	Content Management
conquistador	cdb	0	Developer
conquistador	korale	0	Developer
conr	pybookreader	1	No specific role
conr2286	takegrant	1	No specific role
conrabp	jointtrack	0	Developer
conrad	industrializer	0	Developer
conrad	metadecks	1	No specific role
conrad	togra	0	No specific role
conrad	tdb	0	Developer
conrad	sweep	1	Project Manager
conrad	xine	0	Developer
conrad	remix	1	No specific role
conrad	ekepoint	1	Project Manager
conrad	express	1	No specific role
conrad	enlightenment	0	Developer
conrad10781	thefreedb	1	No specific role
conrad2	htm	1	All-Hands Person
conrad4peace	nutrientdb	1	Developer
conrad6	gnutaxes	0	No specific role
conradadam	jfig	0	Developer
conradhelgeland	ncbigrabber	1	No specific role
conradhuang	pymmlib	0	Developer
conradhughes	digs	1	Developer
conradmathias	mcap-domains	1	No specific role
conradoplg	smartwin	1	Developer
conradoplg	quivi	1	No specific role
conradopoole	keymaster	0	Developer
conradov	opengoo	1	No specific role
conradpino	gnutelephony	0	Developer
conrads	freenet	0	Developer
conrads	multisuck	1	Developer
conradverm	kt-dms	1	Developer
conrad_c	gnupos	1	All-Hands Person
conrad_s	hcic	1	No specific role
conrad_s	itpp	0	Developer
conrake	novelclient	1	No specific role
conram	locale-sets	1	Project Manager
conruyt	autorealm	1	Web Designer
cons001	subtitlecreator	0	Tester
consap	sdlc	0	Developer
conselvan	fmmorpg	1	Project Manager
consensusadmin	consensus	1	Distributor/Promoter
consept	csgraph	1	No specific role
consola-org	consola	1	No specific role
const	gnuprologjava	1	No specific role
const	etl	1	No specific role
const	fl-j2ee	1	No specific role
const	sebyla	1	No specific role
const	rosepetal	1	No specific role
const	nsuml	1	Project Manager
const	openssl4j	1	No specific role
const	asyncobjects	1	Project Manager
const	xtbg	1	No specific role
const	xc4j	1	No specific role
constantinoneto	jgenesis	0	Developer
constantreality	ravencore	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
constg	ssimod	1	No specific role
constion97	jamr	1	No specific role
constion97	at-o-mi-k	1	No specific role
constm	rightmark	1	Developer
constructo	constructo	1	No specific role
construx	sloc	1	No specific role
const_k	vnc-tight	1	All-Hands Person
const_k	vnc-reflector	1	No specific role
consuelofranky	cincoframe	1	No specific role
consumed	oorpg	1	No specific role
cont2wiki	cont2wiki	1	Project Manager
contact-ant	sudokuapp	1	No specific role
contact2minesh	javamud	0	Developer
contactsaket	cosmos2	0	Developer
contadino	compiere	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
contain	tortoisecvs	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
contention	unf	0	No specific role
contentum	contentum	1	No specific role
contest	wdcontest	0	Developer
contexthau	context-hau	1	No specific role
contezero	rarm	1	Project Manager
contikimoose	protomuck	1	Project Manager
contingencyplan	thalisstears	1	Developer
continuum	amalthea	1	No specific role
continuum	diamondmud	1	No specific role
contour	alarmme	1	No specific role
contract_killer	ati	1	No specific role
contrapunctus	modvlo7	1	No specific role
contrero	bookman	0	Developer
control64	npdune	0	Developer
control7	irock	0	Developer
controlaltsup	mide3de2	1	No specific role
controlleruk	ctconvf	1	No specific role
controlleruk	ctcalc	1	No specific role
controlleruk	ctbackup	1	No specific role
controlleruk	ctinst-maker	1	No specific role
controlleruk	winlogon	1	No specific role
controlleruk	qtask	1	No specific role
controlleruk	qplayer	1	No specific role
controlleruk	reg2exe	1	No specific role
controlrecorder	ctrlrecorder	1	No specific role
controputer	chessengine	0	DBA (Database Administrator)
contzen	retrostep	0	Project Manager
conveadotcom	convea	0	No specific role
conversation	conversation	1	No specific role
conversy	agile2d	0	Developer
conversy	svgl	1	No specific role
convert2pdf	convert2pdf	1	No specific role
convexo	openbsdbinpatch	1	No specific role
convoi	lavieportal	1	No specific role
conway	mercury	1	No specific role
conyzhou	sppt	1	No specific role
conz	allocpsa	1	No specific role
conz	hypatiadb	1	No specific role
conzar	motohud	1	No specific role
conzar	jdydyns	1	No specific role
conzar	xdvr	1	No specific role
coobert	ipodlinux	0	Developer
coodiak	morrowcreature	0	Developer
coody	aka	0	Developer
coodysk8er	breezy	0	Developer
coodysk8er	frails	0	Developer
cookconsulting	dataworkhorse	1	No specific role
cooke1729	editapage	0	No specific role
cooked	bugzilla-it	1	All-Hands Person
cookedart	jbrowser	1	All-Hands Person
cookenj	csprl	1	No specific role
cookgk13	hoobernetwork	1	Developer
cookiem2	qutxr	1	No specific role
cookiem2	khtb	1	No specific role
cookieman_k	uci	1	Developer
cookiemix	pyman	1	No specific role
cookieteam	onboardc	0	Developer
cookieteam	palm-dos	1	Project Manager
cookie_of_nine	marsyas	0	No specific role
cookin	rtmk	1	Developer
cookin	cvsfs	0	Developer
cookin	freebios	0	Developer
cookin	fprem	0	Developer
cooks	exphotoalbum	1	All-Hands Person
cooks	javamlfrmk	0	No specific role
cookspol	gotjava	0	Developer
cookster	xgn	0	No specific role
cookware_ok	my-flash-cards	1	No specific role
cooky1976	typo3xdev	0	Developer
cool-man	elvesvsorcs	0	Graphic/Other Designer
cool6324	wapcontrolx	1	No specific role
coola	manufaktura	1	No specific role
coolacid	xgm-4-uox	1	No specific role
coolacid	jokerpos	1	No specific role
coolacid	flexcp	0	No specific role
coolacid	mp3toolz	1	No specific role
coolacid	humantouch	1	No specific role
coolacid	eliteweb	1	Project Manager
coolair	sonicinstall	1	Project Manager
coolaj86	scanbuttond	0	Web Designer
coolaj86	gmnms	1	No specific role
coolaqua77	aspnet-cms	0	Developer
coolbeansdude51	winkiosk	1	No specific role
coolbela	novelseditor	1	No specific role
coolbest	webkernel	1	No specific role
coolbest	myphpforum	1	Project Manager
coolbit	moodle	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
coolboykl	sudokusudoku	1	Developer
coolbreeze812	ahmeba	0	Developer
coolbru	skype	1	Project Manager
coolbru	pearqt	1	No specific role
coolbuddy	dotnetopensrc	0	Developer
coolcheeze	enflame	1	Project Manager
coolcheeze	undead	1	Developer
coolcoder	ad1000	0	No specific role
coolcold	cctiddly	1	No specific role
coolcomgamez	themafiabiz	1	No specific role
coolcon	hix	1	No specific role
coolcool2cool	gfd	0	Tester
coolcool2cool	htmltutor	0	Tester
cooldev	cooldev	1	No specific role
cooldie	policeforces	0	No specific role
cooldie	yaircw	1	No specific role
cooldome	jachat	1	No specific role
cooled111	hyperdrive	1	Project Manager
cooled111	loa2	1	Developer
cooled111	meos	1	Project Manager
cooled111	ctetrisa	1	No specific role
coolersport	csite2	1	No specific role
coolersport	cshout	1	No specific role
coolestdesignz	dlhttpd	0	Developer
coolestdesignz	jaim	1	Developer
coolestdesignz	urp	0	No specific role
cooley	viperltoolkit	0	Developer
cooleyes_lf	scim	0	Developer
coolfile	bonkenc	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
coolfred	ssphps	1	Developer
coolguy_iiit	hackers-org2006	1	Developer
coolguy_iiit	mysourcedump	0	Developer
coolhad	clicker	0	No specific role
coolhad	eduos	1	Developer
coolheads	versavant	1	No specific role
coolhome	opensourcebb	1	No specific role
coolhome	xds-forums	1	No specific role
coolj478	bptree	1	No specific role
cooljaguar	vtigercrm	0	Developer
coolkat	mme	0	No specific role
coolkoon	gameportal	1	No specific role
coolkrishnan	edi	1	Developer
coollpe	beyondinput	1	No specific role
coollpe	cardtest	1	No specific role
coolman256	sgnetd	0	Developer
coolman7777777	opengbgames	1	No specific role
coolman7777777	phpbible	1	No specific role
coolman826	njamd	1	Developer
coolmanu76	newfilemgmt	1	No specific role
coolmen	simp	1	No specific role
coolmenu	dotnetzope	1	No specific role
coolmesh	tsunami-3d	1	Developer
coolnishant83	freevps	1	Developer
coolpearland	opentaxonomy	1	No specific role
coolpipe	drjava	1	Developer
coolpipe	javalanglevels	1	Developer
coolpistol	hmplaya	1	No specific role
coolprogrammer	sptvideo	0	Developer
coolprogrammer	sleepit	0	Developer
coolq	gnutmeg	0	No specific role
coolq	dynner	1	All-Hands Person
coolq	nsen	1	All-Hands Person
coolq	nash	0	Developer
coolq	bomberlan	0	No specific role
coolq	tuxbox	0	Developer
coolq	ute	0	No specific role
coolq	theskinn	0	Developer
coolq	phpbible	0	All-Hands Person
coolquest_inc	cbold-framework	1	No specific role
coolrama	ntw	0	Developer
coolrama	nimbus-protocol	0	Project Manager
coolrasta	madchat	0	Developer
coolrasta	geopolice	1	Project Manager
coolrunr	sage-stats	0	Developer
coolschooluk	phpdbwrapper	1	No specific role
coolschooluk	phporganisation	0	Developer
coolsi	solstat	1	Developer
coolsi	shadecms	0	No specific role
coolsilence	hgsm-ng	1	No specific role
coolsummer	myhome	1	No specific role
coolsummer	fare	1	Developer
cooltan01	eshoputc	1	No specific role
cooltang	novator	1	No specific role
cooltimes	frazaa	0	Developer
cooltone2096	divxtodvd	1	No specific role
coolunix	cado	1	Developer
coolunix	vspms	1	Developer
coolvibe	echelirc	1	No specific role
coolvibe	libalcatel	1	Project Manager
coolvibe	pluk	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
coolviki	diags	0	Graphic/Other Designer
coolx	the-game	0	Support Manager
cooly	xawdecode	0	Developer
cooly	gnochive	1	Project Manager
cooly	gnomegammu	1	No specific role
cooly	gnorar	1	No specific role
cooly	gnomerar	1	No specific role
cooly	mips-afraid	1	No specific role
cooly	rodot	1	Developer
cool_gaurav	zintak	1	No specific role
cool_gaurav	move2debian	1	No specific role
cool_gaurav	statelessdebian	1	Project Manager
cool_guy	sq7	0	Graphic/Other Designer
cool_guy_jack	scrub-tech	1	No specific role
cool_ice	x-icco	0	Developer
cool_nick	gnutunes	0	No specific role
cool_raj	headhunt	1	No specific role
cool_raj	vncjlgpl	1	No specific role
cool_walking_	pkgswarm	0	Developer
coombes	mapbox	1	All-Hands Person
coombs	claymotion	1	No specific role
coon00	arm-dis	1	Project Manager
coondog0630	pertty	1	No specific role
coondog0630	unorg	1	No specific role
coopcoopbware	sandiaportals	0	Developer
cooper-j	marketbot	1	No specific role
cooper022	acami	0	Developer
cooper255	vxl	0	No specific role
cooper6	tymeacme	1	Developer
cooper6	tymeacts	1	No specific role
cooper6	tymeacse	1	Developer
coopergeneral	opensourceavl	1	No specific role
cooperj	digir	0	Developer
cooperj	big	0	Developer
coopermj	pgina	1	Developer
cooperrs	siginfo-osx	1	Unix Admin
cooperstevenson	mercatorgrid	1	Project Manager
cooper_	tierramedia	0	No specific role
coopht	adamof	1	No specific role
coord16plus	jwr-iss	1	Project Manager
cooro	secretizer	1	No specific role
coorrae	ant-rts	1	No specific role
coorz	jcupload	1	No specific role
cooties	smartmontools	1	Developer
coover-oss	jt400	1	Project Manager
cooyeah	ccwakka	1	No specific role
cooz	bmp2html	1	No specific role
copal	interfacewm	1	Project Manager
copam	get-xyz	1	Unix Admin
copdk4	olam	1	No specific role
cope0001	find-the-limo	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
copeepoc	carmen	0	Developer
copeepoc	ixlib	1	Developer
copeepoc	madman	0	Developer
copeepoc	sdlucid	1	Developer
copeepoc	w-a-m	1	Developer
copenhas	ccg-connect	1	Project Manager
copkillz	nkx	0	Developer
coplan	swing-cms	1	Developer
coplan	apathy	1	Project Manager
coplas	rpscms	1	No specific role
copolii	c401dib	1	Developer
copolii	dib	1	No specific role
copp	fooripper	1	No specific role
copp	blogmail	1	Developer
copp	smsdaemon	0	Developer
coppa	coppa	1	No specific role
coppeer	coppeer	0	No specific role
coppermonkey	mod-pubsub	0	Developer
coppershen	legendapple	1	No specific role
coppertop101	twocyberpunk	1	No specific role
coppertronian	pword	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
coppice	iaxclient	0	Developer
coppice	mspgcc	0	Developer
coppice	gdbproxy	1	No specific role
coppice	spandsp	1	No specific role
coppit	parchive2	1	Project Manager
coppit	m-m-msgparser	1	No specific role
coppit	yagg	1	No specific role
coppit	fh-unget	1	No specific role
coppit	filecache	0	No specific role
coppit	grepmail	1	Project Manager
coppit	cgicache	1	No specific role
coppit	benchmark-timer	1	No specific role
coppit	newsclipper	1	No specific role
coppit	mbx2mbox	1	No specific role
coppock	opencyc	0	Developer
coppola	occn	0	Project Manager
coppolab	jfex	0	No specific role
coppro	magicseteditor	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
coprophiliac	asciizer	1	No specific role
copropig	perl-mp3utils	1	No specific role
copropig	phpwebengine	1	No specific role
coproscefalo	ktoshiba	1	Project Manager
copsewood	openmoney	0	No specific role
copx	todoom	1	Project Manager
copyhold	pn-najaxchat	1	No specific role
copykill	cfutils	1	No specific role
copyleft	pcmanx	0	Developer
copyme_org	copyme	1	Project Manager
copypasters	yafumle	1	No specific role
copystart	wcell	0	Developer
copystart	doldataloggin	1	Unix Admin
copywriter_mail	sloganautica	1	No specific role
copy_paste	jedit	0	No specific role
coquevas	tussamnext	1	No specific role
coral	parseperl	0	Developer
coral	formmagick	0	Tester
coral	reefknot	0	Doc Writer
coral	razor	1	Developer
coralcowboy	gnutune	1	No specific role
coralia	uni-d	0	Developer
corallo	sbeaver	1	No specific role
corallo	bxmodeller	0	Project Manager
coral_sea	x-husky	1	Project Manager
corass	vimcdoc	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
corbase	speedbrick	1	No specific role
corbase	dihnpbrj	1	Unix Admin
corbaserver	ormf	1	No specific role
corbe	openb2bua	1	No specific role
corbe	sixmop	1	No specific role
corbeau	codescouleurs	1	No specific role
corbeau	icarion	1	Developer
corbett	dsdevguild	0	Developer
corbinmajor	openphprpg	1	Project Manager
corbintechboy	pkgswarm	1	No specific role
corbitec	liss	1	No specific role
corbreedy	xmlpk	1	No specific role
corbyboy	webcards	1	No specific role
corcoraj	kritton	1	No specific role
corcoraj	pap	0	Developer
corcosuk	pdaschool	1	No specific role
cord	cocalores	1	No specific role
cord	ap2	1	Developer
cordel2	emram	1	No specific role
cordel2	xoops	0	Developer
corderius	phpinventoryman	1	No specific role
cordesa	orm	0	Developer
cordesa	nu-gwen	1	No specific role
cordial	echodep	1	Project Manager
cordobarras	mobile-game-is	0	No specific role
cordys-os	ieleak	0	Developer
cord_thomas	mvnforum	0	Doc Writer
core	js2scheme	1	No specific role
corebob	linx-url-filter	1	No specific role
corecode	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
cored	perllinux	0	Developer
coredev	usic	1	No specific role
coredmp	cryptutils	1	Developer
coredmp	wrkb2propelxml	1	All-Hands Person
coredmp	agcsp	1	No specific role
coreduke	coreconfig	0	Web Designer
coredump01	openzaurus	0	No specific role
coredump101	vitalstate	0	Developer
coredump777	rpgens	1	No specific role
coredump777	pysquila	1	No specific role
corefive	fckeditor	0	Developer
corellian	kfig	0	Web Designer
corelynx	coreasset	1	No specific role
corelynx	phpdebugger	1	No specific role
coren	linux-acl	1	Project Manager
coren	low	1	Developer
coren	daemond	1	No specific role
corenominal	librarygeek	0	Doc Writer
corenominal	timeentry	0	Doc Writer
corenominal	webregister	0	Doc Writer
corenominal	jrivet	0	No specific role
corenominal	jopenit	0	Doc Writer
corentino	iki	0	Developer
corentj	aaf	0	No specific role
coresec	xebiankernel	1	No specific role
coresware	sql-hierarchies	1	No specific role
coreutils	knim	1	No specific role
corey1981	danielboone	1	No specific role
coreybrenner	binary	1	No specific role
coreybrenner	blanket	0	Developer
coreykaylor	orm	0	Developer
coreym	expressmail	1	Project Manager
coreymanshack	frims	0	Developer
coreymcf	open79xxdir	1	No specific role
coreys	plptools	0	Developer
coreyti	wuiv	1	No specific role
corey_cyborg	wearable	1	Developer
corey_cyborg	comparametric	1	No specific role
corey_cyborg	libjlm	1	No specific role
corey_gorman	at-log-it	1	No specific role
corey_reece	desko	1	Web Designer
corey_taylor	g3d-community	1	No specific role
corezion	emdebian	0	No specific role
corezion	montypybot	1	No specific role
core_dump_0	lifegeek	1	No specific role
core_dump_0	gnudos	1	No specific role
core_dump_0	baseballrpg	1	No specific role
core_dump_0	textos	1	Project Manager
core_tr	dvbparser	1	No specific role
corfe83	gplflash	0	Developer
corgan	photobank	0	No specific role
corhel	aedii2001	1	Project Manager
coricelesti	corsaircms	1	No specific role
corieu	idal	1	Developer
coriiander	desert-fox	0	Developer
corik	estudy	0	No specific role
corinet	corinet	1	No specific role
corinnab	xalid	0	Developer
corinnabee	archivexindex	1	Project Manager
corinnathoeni	pommo	0	Developer
corinnekrych	lessismore	1	Project Manager
corinth2489	efmmarketing	1	No specific role
coriolanus	gridlog	1	No specific role
corixa	ruum	1	No specific role
corksurf	corksurf	1	No specific role
corkus	gamut	1	No specific role
corlette	cricket	1	Developer
corlin	cvswebclient	0	No specific role
corlissg	dentalmarq	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
corman	rhems	0	Unix Admin
cormanaz	enroninterface	1	No specific role
cormander	ravencore	1	Project Manager
cormander	easy-sftp	1	No specific role
cormander	phpwebftp	0	No specific role
cornandbeans	sfkarate	0	Developer
cornavin	dnfbb	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cornavin	webmin-trans-fr	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
corndawg	qwrite	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
corndog	billthru-lib	1	No specific role
cornedbee	thunderflash	1	No specific role
cornejo	disc-stakka-ctl	1	Project Manager
cornejo	pystack	1	No specific role
corneliatriebig	sesam	0	Developer
cornelinux	kavi2svcd	1	No specific role
cornelinux	kuckmal	1	No specific role
cornelious	wxmozilla	1	Project Manager
cornelius	webbrewery	1	No specific role
corneliusd	tporpheus	0	No specific role
corneliusd	tpabbrevia	0	Developer
corneliusd	tponguard	0	Developer
corneliusd	tpessence	0	Developer
corneliusd	tpsystools	0	Developer
corneliusd	tplockbox	0	Developer
corneliusd	tpshellshock	0	Developer
corneliusd	picviewer	1	Project Manager
cornells	vgmapeditor	1	Developer
corneo	codester	1	All-Hands Person
cornettonuss	jhat	1	No specific role
cornfed	servertrackdb	1	No specific role
cornflake	ioftpd	0	Developer
corno	korais	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cornofulgure	comnetity	1	No specific role
cornuz	monetdb	0	Developer
cornuz	streettivo	0	Developer
cornuz	spiegle	1	Developer
cornware-cjp	ofc	0	Developer
cornware-cjp	ultimatestunts	1	No specific role
cornwell	smartsuite	1	No specific role
coroberti	curl-loader	1	Project Manager
coronax	subsynth	0	No specific role
coroner	edeity	1	Project Manager
cororok	servicemanager	1	No specific role
corourke	stamps	1	No specific role
corovil	pion	0	Developer
corporatedog	runesword	1	Project Manager
corpushvmani	fisch	0	Developer
corradonuccini	unox1	0	Developer
corradonuccini	partecipa-net	0	Doc Writer
corrados	faac	0	No specific role
corrados	drm	1	Project Manager
corrados	llcon	1	No specific role
corrail	ftv	0	Developer
corran_horn	njamd	1	Developer
correllc	arboreum	1	No specific role
corres	lemmings-2	0	No specific role
correspondance	corresp-wow-ui	1	All-Hands Person
corriganjcc	grimoire	0	Developer
corrigo	ise2005	1	No specific role
corriher	batchlogin	1	Developer
corris06	stellarreach	1	Developer
corrmunity	openxava	0	Developer
corro	bla	1	No specific role
corroboree	tribalphotos	1	No specific role
corron	fcrawler	1	No specific role
corrosifpirate	granulometry	1	No specific role
corrosifpirate	wxmodeler	1	No specific role
corrosifpirate	wxdevcenter	1	Developer
corrosifpirate	wxexplorer	1	Developer
corrosifpirate	xcas	1	Developer
corrosifpirate	arcallians	0	Developer
corrosifpirate	cstar-dev	1	Project Manager
corruption_27	apache-x64	1	No specific role
corsaire01	ta3d	0	Web Designer
corsairk8	forgotten	1	All-Hands Person
corsairk8	xinace	0	Developer
corsepiu	apt4rpm	0	Developer
corsini	meshlab	0	Developer
corsini	envymycar	0	No specific role
corsini	vcg	0	Developer
corsiva	eclecticmusic	1	No specific role
corsix	mani-xml-stats	1	No specific role
corsmith	ipsotools	1	No specific role
cort	revel	1	No specific role
cort	avisplice	1	No specific role
cort	wicked	1	No specific role
cort	howie	1	No specific role
cort	liquidwar	0	No specific role
cort	kafka	1	No specific role
cort	pyaiml	1	No specific role
cort	farmageddon	1	No specific role
cort	ezio	1	No specific role
cortellessa	fodt	1	Project Manager
cortesr	wonder	0	No specific role
cortex	fltk	0	Developer
cortex	ede	1	All-Hands Person
cortexhh	sdlengine	1	Developer
cortexlaterus	blueremote	0	Web Designer
cortezralph	sfta	0	Developer
cortlander	openiam	1	Project Manager
corts	nvelocity	1	Developer
corts	nveloweb	1	Project Manager
corts	mavnet	1	Developer
coruja	newbasic	0	Developer
corujo-h	mockservlet	0	Developer
corum_irsei	blackheath	1	Project Manager
corunet	clickmaps	1	No specific role
corva	ppa	0	All-Hands Person
corvass	hailmary	0	Developer
corveau	pipe2	1	All-Hands Person
corvette	linbrew	1	No specific role
corvettekenny	primefactors	1	No specific role
corvicus	dynuose	1	No specific role
corvidae	knose	0	Developer
corvinia	virtuemart	0	No specific role
corvus5	ultrastar	1	No specific role
corvus5	ap2p	1	No specific role
corvuscorax	motiontrack	1	Project Manager
corvuscorax	nafe	1	No specific role
corvuscorax	safecopy	1	No specific role
corvuscorax	torbank	1	No specific role
corvuscorax	oni-linux	0	Developer
corvus_rf	reallyfirst	1	No specific role
corwin0amber	robin-py	1	Project Manager
corwin33	bcd	0	Developer
corwin74	neatforum	1	No specific role
corwinjoy	biolap	1	No specific role
corwinjoy	colossus	0	Developer
corwinjoy	dtemplatelib	1	No specific role
corwynn	legion-tbmsg	0	Developer
corxscrew	gen-pw	1	No specific role
cory	xmage	0	No specific role
cory	religiousagenda	1	No specific role
cory	fastjar	0	Developer
cory	conv3d	1	No specific role
cory	dalekchess	1	No specific role
cory2070	geoapi	0	Developer
cory2070	geotools	1	Project Manager
cory2070	howdtheyvote	1	Developer
cory2070	compostproject	1	No specific role
coryc85	voiceguard	0	Analysis / Design
corydodt	utidylib	1	No specific role
corydodt	twisted	0	No specific role
corydodt	repairlix	1	No specific role
corydodt	buildbot	0	Developer
coryf	fcalc	0	Developer
coryfoy	nunit	0	Developer
coryhicks	solidblog	1	No specific role
coryisakson	vnext	1	Project Manager
corymarsh	foosh	1	No specific role
corymarsh	arpassess	1	No specific role
corymichael	cubesat	0	Developer
coryn1	kgd	1	No specific role
coryneale	game-ai-arch	0	Developer
corynielsen55	breadbox	1	Developer
corytoth	cfopenbb	0	Developer
corywilkerson	dets	1	All-Hands Person
cory_sf	minissd	0	Developer
corz	tmda	0	Developer
cor_kalis	pydp500	1	No specific role
cos	translate	0	Developer
cos	myspellkurdish	1	Developer
cos	gaeilge	1	No specific role
cos	gramadoir	1	No specific role
cos2pi	dnap	0	Analysis / Design
cosaque	wevo	0	Developer
cosei	sysunit	0	Developer
coshul	sowar	0	Developer
coshx	jprefs	1	No specific role
coshx	leetsounds	1	No specific role
cosiniri	jrobots	0	Developer
coskun	wjb	1	No specific role
coskunpostaci	hastatakip	0	Developer
coslaw	genesisdevice	1	Developer
cosmanja	cptengine	1	No specific role
cosmea_	blinkenapplet	0	Tester
cosmeb	webmincpanel	1	No specific role
cosmedbr	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
cosmic	toejam	1	All-Hands Person
cosmic100	threedeemuck	0	Graphic/Other Designer
cosmicbuddha	birmail	0	Doc Writer
cosmicdustman	idocs	1	No specific role
cosmicdustman	milklanguage	1	No specific role
cosmicflo	usbvision	1	Developer
cosmicinvaders	linuxittools	1	No specific role
cosmict	mmframework	1	No specific role
cosmicz	regenerate	1	Project Manager
cosmic_anomaly	realityundef	0	Developer
cosmikman	abscnc	0	No specific role
cosmin	optipng	1	No specific role
cosmin	cexcept	1	No specific role
cosmin20aka	kalender	1	Project Manager
cosminc	minixpath	1	No specific role
cosming	tip	1	No specific role
cosminn	glcu	0	Developer
cosmo23	jais	0	Developer
cosmo23	embsys-mp3	0	No specific role
cosmo42	gdisplayprofs	1	No specific role
cosmo42	openbirds	1	Developer
cosmo42	maattiware	1	No specific role
cosmo77	guitarchamp	1	Developer
cosmo86	trion	1	Developer
cosmofur	web2mail	1	No specific role
cosmoken	mssql-wa	1	No specific role
cosmokramer	luaparrot	1	No specific role
cosmonate	vitooki	0	No specific role
cosmosninja	untar-and-play	1	Project Manager
cosmosninja	tuxkart	0	All-Hands Person
cosmo_k	gscheduler	0	No specific role
cosoleto	pywikipediabot	0	No specific role
cosote	jschdk-arena	0	Developer
cosote	jwic	1	Developer
coss	newxmippdoc	1	Unix Admin
coss	newxmipp	1	Project Manager
coss	testa	1	No specific role
cossonvalerie	psn	0	Tester
cost7615	ardat	1	All-Hands Person
costabel	fink	0	Developer
costajes	cloudmorph	1	No specific role
costamojan	ant4eclipse	0	Developer
costamojan	abbot	0	Developer
costamojan	eclipse-rbe	0	Developer
costan	matrix1	1	No specific role
costan	unicraft	1	Project Manager
costanilla	caracal	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
costap	stockseod	1	No specific role
costap	stu	1	No specific role
costap	replica	1	No specific role
costela	explorasp	1	No specific role
costela	goblin	1	No specific role
costerhout	focus-sis	0	Developer
costin	tomis	1	Developer
costing	qmail-hacks	1	Developer
costingrigoras	javadbshell	1	No specific role
costins	bkwww	1	No specific role
costin_leau	springframework	0	Developer
costin_test	wcp	0	Developer
costiss	gc-linux	0	Developer
costixus	jahab	1	No specific role
costlow	agtoys	0	Developer
costra	phlxr	0	Developer
costy	szacoders	0	Developer
costya	wcb	1	Project Manager
costyn	skydivelogbook	1	No specific role
cosurgi	xspace	0	Developer
cosurgi	lip-game	0	No specific role
cos_xavier	gangsta	1	Developer
cos_xavier	ogre	0	Developer
cotas	khromatic	0	No specific role
cotcha	fttcan4rtai	1	No specific role
cotdh	cua-valkyrie	1	Developer
coto	gmencoder	1	Developer
cotomico	styleirc	0	Support Manager
cotp	tigs	1	Unix Admin
cotp	cbill	1	No specific role
cotp	d2gd	1	No specific role
cotp	pvpgn-phputils	1	Developer
cotp	pvpgncms	1	No specific role
cotp	pdrs	1	No specific role
cotp	poisonx	1	Developer
cottandr	spaceclash	1	No specific role
cottay	yux	0	Developer
cottoncms	cottoncms	1	No specific role
cottonlion	jham	0	Developer
cottrela	searchmonkey	1	No specific role
couak	cronosched	1	No specific role
couannette	lemonite	0	Developer
couash	mathenjeu	0	Developer
couash	avatar	1	No specific role
coubre1	bbga	1	No specific role
coudercd	pmk	1	Project Manager
coudercd	phobirc	1	Project Manager
coudercd	premk	1	Project Manager
coudert	libmolsim	1	No specific role
coudert	easychem	1	No specific role
coudron	ctunes	1	No specific role
couet	mathenjeu	0	Developer
cougar2010	phplion	1	No specific role
cougar886	flash-edit	0	No specific role
cougaris	cougaris	1	No specific role
cougarkhan	jsearchwarrant	1	Project Manager
cougarx	mp3libbuilder	1	No specific role
cougar_	tipsys	1	Developer
coughlan	linux-iscsi	0	Developer
coughrant	zkdesktop	1	All-Hands Person
could	kazlinux	1	Project Manager
coulonito	kiwix	1	Project Manager
coulonito	openeuclide	1	No specific role
coulonito	yabause	0	No specific role
coumba	wired	0	No specific role
counsell	emboss	0	Developer
count-0	privacyproxy	1	No specific role
count0	graph-tool	1	No specific role
count0	least	1	No specific role
countalpicola	packetflux	1	No specific role
countbelisarius	vassalengine	0	No specific role
countchocula	midicpp	1	No specific role
counterjim	oxci	1	Developer
counterjim	openefm	1	No specific role
counterpoke	squareorbit	1	No specific role
counters	szc	0	No specific role
counterspy	threatman	1	Project Manager
counter_slash	foolbar	1	No specific role
countjoe	grubconf	1	Project Manager
countjoe	gnoportage	0	Developer
countjoe	codeconnector	1	Project Manager
countjoe	osug	1	No specific role
countjoe	llamachat	1	All-Hands Person
countjoe	webitor	1	Project Manager
countnil	kvg	1	Developer
countpauper	sticky	1	Developer
countryturkey	cupt	1	No specific role
countzer0	cscmail	1	No specific role
countzerouk	ipcop	0	Developer
countzero_	okoun	0	Developer
count_raven	amiantnavigator	1	No specific role
count_zero_rod	snort-inline	1	Developer
coupace	gmod	0	Developer
couperus	jota	1	No specific role
coupey_e	m-engine	0	Developer
coupriem	openmorpho	0	Developer
courageous	pythonic	1	No specific role
courdier	geamas-ng	1	Unix Admin
coureyv	atpidp	0	Unix Admin
coureyv	atpard	1	Project Manager
courierdave	hotwayd	1	Project Manager
cournia	gazecd	1	No specific role
cournia	fob	1	No specific role
courou	myphpmoney	1	Project Manager
courou	phpwebedit	1	Developer
courou	courou	1	Project Manager
courou1	myphpmoney	0	Web Designer
court119	vscweb	0	No specific role
court119	cubeonline23	0	Developer
court119	zeitline	1	Project Manager
courtc	ipodlinux	0	Developer
courtc	chiel	1	No specific role
courtc	lithp2	0	Developer
courtenay	moses	1	No specific role
courtjester	kmfl	1	No specific role
courtney_ps	spoofercell	1	No specific role
courtney_ps	peanutsidebar	1	No specific role
cousine	xeroworks-panel	1	No specific role
cout	consoletelnet	1	No specific role
cout	rubycollections	1	No specific role
cout	excruby	1	No specific role
cout	cscene	1	No specific role
cout007	gmi	0	Developer
coutcin	mindsetsql	1	All-Hands Person
coutemeier	fmdom	1	No specific role
couzteau	acopost	1	Developer
covariant	astrolab	1	No specific role
covariant	mapme	0	Developer
covar_	dcpoker	0	No specific role
covenant7	reflexcore	1	Developer
covenant7	fnews	1	Developer
covenant_ao	aoinvsys	1	No specific role
coveres	surfnetids	1	No specific role
covertar	avida	0	Developer
covexx	iceorg	0	Graphic/Other Designer
covibli	covibli	1	No specific role
covox	tundra	1	Developer
covrainbow	myforms	0	Tester
cow	scriptstation	0	No specific role
cow314	mrforth	1	Developer
cow88	wga	1	No specific role
cowadmin	meuhmeuhtv	0	No specific role
cowahl	factorfiction	1	No specific role
cowahl	luctableviewer	1	No specific role
cowand	jpalmdesktopfa	1	No specific role
cowand	coolagent	1	Project Manager
cowand	bluejade	1	No specific role
cowbert	downlink	0	No specific role
cowbert	tksftp	1	No specific role
cowbertvonmoo	adminlog	1	No specific role
cowboy	sendmail-wiki	1	Project Manager
cowboy1367	nexzusdamus	0	Graphic/Other Designer
cowboybebop13	jalapeno	0	Developer
cowboycoder	libgf	1	Project Manager
cowboycoder	delta3d	1	Project Manager
cowboycoder	delta3d-extras	1	No specific role
cowboycoder	openig	1	No specific role
cowboyd	ironsmith	1	Developer
cowboyd	rmi-lite	1	No specific role
cowboyd	crosscheck	1	No specific role
cowboyd	ymake	0	No specific role
cowboyd	mere-javascript	1	No specific role
cowboyd	loccode	0	No specific role
cowboyd	eob	1	Developer
cowboyinafrica	catgen	0	No specific role
cowboyneal	slashcode	1	No specific role
cowboyraj	gnns	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
cowboy_bob	sketcher	0	Developer
cowboy_bob	jwebtoolkit	1	No specific role
cowboy_bob	mobilesudoku	1	No specific role
cowboy_bob	mpsc-modules	1	No specific role
cowcatcher	robotwist	1	Developer
cowdog	gigglers	1	No specific role
cowdot	e2hc08	0	Developer
cowens	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
cowens	gsqleditor	1	No specific role
cowitch	sharefast	0	Developer
cowmet	cowmet	1	No specific role
cowmix	openvnc2	1	Developer
cownew	jdbmonitor	1	No specific role
cowo	imdbpy	0	Developer
cowo	timesaver	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
cowo	usbmusicmanager	0	Developer
cowo	lcdex	1	No specific role
cowo	yex	1	Project Manager
cowoo	searchftp	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
cowsandmilk	cowdm	1	No specific role
cowsrule	wapmon	1	Developer
cowtongue	dsdevguild	0	Graphic/Other Designer
cowweb	ipbsdk	0	Developer
cowweb	klat	1	No specific role
cowwoc	jace	1	Developer
cowwoc	wicket-stuff	0	Developer
cox	kyroxinu	0	No specific role
coxcu	mortalthread	1	No specific role
coydog	qtkit	1	Developer
coyner_b	netime	1	No specific role
coyner_b	log4fix	1	Developer
coyner_b	openoms	1	Developer
coyote65	tpsrmgr	1	No specific role
coyote65	tpaproclx	1	No specific role
coyote65	tpapro	1	No specific role
coyoteq	aedo	0	Developer
coyotle	minicars	1	No specific role
coywolf	ext2resize	0	Developer
cozac	openflow-mag	0	Developer
cozensweb	phpgedview	0	Developer
cozman	photon	1	No specific role
cozman	amph	1	Developer
cozman	tivobrowser	1	No specific role
cozman	zengine	1	Project Manager
cozmic	opensong	0	Developer
cozycabin	nms-cgi	0	Developer
co_wa	globs	0	DBA (Database Administrator)
cp3zer0	gcoe	1	No specific role
cpaetzel	pycc	1	No specific role
cpagh	phpldm	1	Developer
cpaglee	khtml-win32	1	Project Manager
cpairot	dermi	1	No specific role
cpali	deinterlace	0	Developer
cpalida	mnos	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
cpalida	alchemywin	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
cpalm	nv-tv-out	0	Developer
cpamust	cpamust	1	No specific role
cpanalpo	cgi-portal	1	No specific role
cpanda	pachu	1	Project Manager
cpanjnk	pdl	0	No specific role
cparisien	nesim	1	Developer
cparker15	bitcondenser	1	No specific role
cparpart	qpascal	1	Developer
cparraww	yatikiri	0	Developer
cpascual	cpixe	1	No specific role
cpascual	hotstop	1	No specific role
cpasjuste	free60	0	Developer
cpaszkiewicz	soma-dev	1	Developer
cpatten	slashticker	1	No specific role
cpatten	macgpg	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
cpatulea	dicewars	1	No specific role
cpaus	xdaq	0	Developer
cpavel	express4j	0	Developer
cpavel	opproject	0	Developer
cpaya	stcl	1	No specific role
cpboulder	spectraltoolkit	0	Developer
cpboulder	esmfcontrib	0	Developer
cpbowles	vmhostscan	1	No specific role
cpbrandao	squirreloutlook	1	Web Designer
cpbs	gimp-print	0	No specific role
cpburkert	webphotoalbum	0	Developer
cpc6128	mail2nntp	1	All-Hands Person
cpchu	xaldev	0	No specific role
cpcp210	asus-l5d-hotkey	1	No specific role
cpc_seattle	cpc-of-seattle	1	No specific role
cpdaniel	boost	1	Developer
cpe123	bdt	0	Developer
cpe1914	xdvr	1	Developer
cpe1914	rjs	1	No specific role
cpecquerie	jsynoptic	0	No specific role
cpedia	cpedia	1	No specific role
cpedrinaci	wsmt	0	Developer
cpedrinaci	wsmostudio	0	Developer
cpeel	dproofreaders	0	Developer
cpeifer	jdbcbrowserng	0	No specific role
cpeix	huinca	1	No specific role
cpelling	darkradiant	0	Developer
cpelling	xinq	0	Developer
cpenan	turboim	1	No specific role
cpence25	torrentvolve	0	Developer
cpepe	linuxcase	1	All-Hands Person
cpepe	e-case	1	No specific role
cperalta	zerp	0	No specific role
cperdue	wwwapp	1	No specific role
cpereda	smuti	1	No specific role
cpereda	ewpatas	0	No specific role
cperezmig	bt-p2p	1	No specific role
cperezs	orthoepikon	1	Project Manager
cperkonig	phpeclipse	0	Developer
cperras	introspector	0	Developer
cperthuis	dataexplorer	1	No specific role
cpg	cthumb	1	No specific role
cph	doombsp	1	No specific role
cph	prboom	1	All-Hands Person
cph	zsync	1	No specific role
cph	freedoom	0	No specific role
cph	lxdoom	1	No specific role
cphillip	wireless	0	Content Management
cphillip	wnmap	1	Developer
cphillip	sacred	0	Developer
cphmit	beepcore-c	0	Developer
cpickett	check	1	Developer
cpicton	multires	1	No specific role
cpicton	xmltv	0	Developer
cpill	borja	1	All-Hands Person
cpill	poha	1	All-Hands Person
cpill	javaailibrary	1	All-Hands Person
cpilson	face2forum	1	All-Hands Person
cpilsworth	jportaltemplate	1	No specific role
cpina	dacco	0	Developer
cpinera	jabberfox	0	No specific role
cpinera	keeptalking	1	No specific role
cpinera	fastplayer	1	Project Manager
cpinera	ijournal	0	Developer
cpinkham	gphoto	0	Developer
cpinon	phpsoaptk	1	No specific role
cpinson	libnoise	0	No specific role
cpisto	jupiter	1	No specific role
cpisto	jolt	1	No specific role
cpita	jmathtools	0	No specific role
cpizzi	jcontroltower	1	No specific role
cpizzi	bigben	1	Developer
cpjobling	leo	0	No specific role
cpjolicoeur	etest	1	Project Manager
cpk	enlightenment	0	Developer
cpk	netdude	1	Developer
cpkois	psrpt	1	Developer
cpkois	spiders	1	No specific role
cpkostov	mail2rss	1	No specific role
cpl	webpython	1	No specific role
cplante	fmonkey-ub	1	No specific role
cplasmaguns	dmacs	1	No specific role
cplusminus	usbservoctrl	1	No specific role
cplutis	opencet	1	No specific role
cpm05	yello	1	No specific role
cpmichael	e17genmenu	1	Developer
cpmohanraj	onlinecinema	0	DBA (Database Administrator)
cpmte	lusertools	1	Developer
cpmwww	phintrep	0	No specific role
cpohle	vbox	1	No specific role
cpohle	hypknowsys	1	Developer
cpoisel	lprmultiplexer	1	No specific role
cpommier_gmod	gmod	0	No specific role
cpos_test	cpos	1	No specific role
cpoudras	elynx	1	Project Manager
cpoudras	ultra-sdk	1	Project Manager
cpousset	neorms	1	No specific role
cppdbi	cppdbi	1	No specific role
cppfreak	wh40k-fd	1	No specific role
cppguru777	dtemplatelib	1	Project Manager
cppgx	qterm-qst	1	Project Manager
cppgx	klarthon	1	No specific role
cppgx	proxycat	0	Developer
cpph	jlibnet	1	All-Hands Person
cpph	x-gine	1	Developer
cppljevans	boost	0	Developer
cppljevans	boost-sandbox	0	Developer
cppljevans	opencxx	0	No specific role
cppljevans	spirit	0	Developer
cpplus	eclipsesql	0	Developer
cppmanuf	libgdn	1	All-Hands Person
cppmanuf	vsedebug	1	No specific role
cppmanuf	uberrpg	1	No specific role
cppprimerer	farsee	1	No specific role
cpprophet	biodatadisplay	1	Developer
cpprophet	ekg4mbmt	1	No specific role
cpp_object	aspellfor4d	1	Project Manager
cpp_programmer	abxlib	0	Developer
cpradio	cpcommerce	1	No specific role
cprahacs	rhex	0	Developer
cprause	uni-notifier	1	No specific role
cpraveen	euler2d	1	No specific role
cpredi	mozpets	0	Developer
cpressey	erlgtk	0	Developer
cpressey	jungerl	1	No specific role
cpringle	phpclasslib	1	Project Manager
cpro	mps-ary	1	No specific role
cprobst	watchdog	0	Developer
cproc	freeciv	0	Developer
cproch	icqlib	0	No specific role
cproch	pcr	1	No specific role
cproch	pclasses	1	Project Manager
cprompt	egrs	1	No specific role
cproof	vbquiz	1	No specific role
cproof	vb-autokey	1	No specific role
cproof	binaryclock	1	No specific role
cprov	avrcam	1	No specific role
cprov	eb-01linux	1	Project Manager
cprov	g51	1	Developer
cprov	gdmosivga	1	No specific role
cprtop	torque	1	No specific role
cpruvost	tek	0	Developer
cps42	seattlewireless	0	No specific role
cpsc60193	flickrdesktop	0	Tester
cpscotti	scrapnotify	1	No specific role
cpscotti	s2ilib	0	Developer
cpscotti	traste	1	No specific role
cpsoft	mp4free	1	All-Hands Person
cpsource	calforth	1	No specific role
cptamericaz001	evolveproject	1	Project Manager
cptan	wicket-stuff	0	Developer
cptanpanic	mmcalc	1	No specific role
cptanpanic	kwritepp	1	No specific role
cptanpanic	star	1	No specific role
cptaskbucket	wowcastparty	0	All-Hands Person
cptaylor	scoutsearch	1	No specific role
cptaylor	iportage	1	No specific role
cptaylor	lymric	1	Project Manager
cptaylor	gahowl	1	No specific role
cptaylor	ffots	1	No specific role
cptaylor	gtkforms	1	No specific role
cptdondo	gbs	1	No specific role
cptdpicard	mod-psldap	1	No specific role
cptechno	wbrcs	1	No specific role
cptfuture	ugt	1	No specific role
cptheorist	rherp	0	Developer
cptheorist	ggal	1	No specific role
cptmeat	myclan	1	All-Hands Person
cptnalexi	cassandra-ge	1	No specific role
cptnimo	mantaray	0	Developer
cpt_herisson	sharpe	0	Graphic/Other Designer
cpt_spankmunki	guidedog	0	Developer
cpu	folderol	0	No specific role
cpuclan	cpuclan	1	No specific role
cpuente	anjelica	1	Project Manager
cpufreak91	bibledave	1	Unix Admin
cpugamerbb	pwgenerator	0	Developer
cpukiller	cpurentools	1	Developer
cpungent	secure-a-slak	1	Developer
cpuwhiz105	aeternity	0	Developer
cpuwhiz105	dhsource	1	Project Manager
cpuwhiz105	showmesh	0	Developer
cpw1989	qtestcgi	1	No specific role
cpxazn	data	1	No specific role
cp_new	garant	0	Developer
cp_x	viskprog	1	No specific role
cq2	blijf	1	Project Manager
cq2	delegator	0	No specific role
cq34	chessgc	0	Developer
cqaspx	discuss-dotnet	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
cqazaz	pmml	0	Developer
cqdung	smsreader	1	No specific role
cqfma	fma	0	Developer
cqfma	audacity	0	Developer
cql	haskell-libs	0	Developer
cqoicebordel	gildav	1	Developer
cqoicebordel	softsudoku	1	Project Manager
cqsoftware	margouilla	1	Project Manager
cqx	pymon	1	No specific role
cr0n0s	kbdshortcuted	1	No specific role
cr0ss1	yans-scan	1	No specific role
cr0w	libcep	1	No specific role
cr0w	akarmi	0	Developer
cr13	lamarone	1	Project Manager
cr4zyeye	oceanux	1	No specific role
cr88192	bgb-sys	1	No specific role
cr88192	bgb-game-eng	1	No specific role
cr90	orbas	0	Developer
cra	autostatus	0	Developer
cra	landb	0	No specific role
crabcz	phpjb	1	No specific role
crabix	strategywiki	1	No specific role
crabus	maildiplo	1	No specific role
crabus	caribou-p2p	1	Project Manager
crabus	devolution-rpg	1	Project Manager
crac	ruls-test	1	No specific role
cracauer	icspll	1	No specific role
crack4u	vodcashing	1	No specific role
crackberry	palireader	0	Developer
cracked_skull	online-banking	1	No specific role
crackers	jhomecontrol	1	Project Manager
crackers8	yabb	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
crackleback_pm	crackleback	1	No specific role
crackmax	alarmd	1	Graphic/Other Designer
crackmonkey	hyper	1	Developer
crackmonkey	infocrack	1	No specific role
cracksternation	hexxnet	1	All-Hands Person
crackthesys	ageofreedom	0	Developer
cracu	ws-auction	1	No specific role
cracu	koptioncalc	1	No specific role
crad	vab	1	Developer
cradek	emc	1	Developer
cradster	richtext	0	Developer
craebby	thedate	1	No specific role
craeck	recommender-org	1	No specific role
crafack	mtfetch	1	No specific role
crafics	mysqlsoapserver	1	No specific role
craft101main	sweet-cms	1	No specific role
craftdave	gpfs	1	No specific role
craftit	ravl	1	Project Manager
craftit	vscp	1	No specific role
craftmachine	craftmachine	1	No specific role
craftsman_br	civ4br	0	Developer
craftsnux	easybox-mod	1	Developer
craftworks	shigeo	0	No specific role
crag	coldstore	1	No specific role
crahs	mitienda	1	Developer
craig	neopxe	0	Developer
craig-haquarter	ddimage	1	No specific role
craig42	matrix32	1	No specific role
craig72	planet-earth	0	Developer
craigacook	ibridge	0	Developer
craigand	cdj	0	Developer
craigas	teara	1	Developer
craigatk	ubc	0	No specific role
craigax	http-chat-proto	0	Developer
craigb187	simplerss	0	Web Designer
craigbass76	openinvoice	1	No specific role
craigbayes	iocpfrmwk	1	No specific role
craigbayes	bayesiancfilter	1	No specific role
craigberry	orb	1	Project Manager
craigberry	rsspub	1	Project Manager
craigbrass	ssmaillist	1	No specific role
craigc	macgpg	0	Developer
craigc	mrl	1	No specific role
craigcmiller	plsqlutils	1	No specific role
craigcook	checkov	1	No specific role
craigcw	perfinsp	0	Developer
craigd	zfc	0	Developer
craigdahlinger	shelldotnet	1	Developer
craigdavis	foih	0	Developer
craigdavis	warhol	0	Developer
craigen	wcell	0	Developer
craigerl	linuxcoe	1	Developer
craigersf	mastrbsp2003	0	All-Hands Person
craigert	cglinux	0	Tester
craigfisher	wasp	0	Developer
craigfoote	picsou	0	No specific role
craigfranklin	jal	1	Developer
craigfranklin	gpsim	1	Developer
craigfranklin	gputils	1	No specific role
craigfry	tambora	1	Developer
craigger01	ou-cs442-542	0	Developer
craiggmorris	wilma-indexer	1	No specific role
craighuber	mydnsupdate	1	No specific role
craigjam	slimscrobbler	1	Developer
craigjenk	mosdt	1	No specific role
craigjones	moreunit	0	Developer
craigjones	eclipsewiki	0	Developer
craigly	ilisp	0	Developer
craigm	wordsearch	1	No specific role
craigm	piddlepodder	1	No specific role
craigm	shutthebox	1	No specific role
craigmackay	spring-netbeans	1	Project Manager
craigmackay	gwt-netbeans	1	Developer
craigmackay	echo-netbeans	1	No specific role
craigmelsopp	gmod	0	Developer
craigmiller	openipmp	1	Developer
craigmj	arcangel	1	No specific role
craigmj	phpolait	1	No specific role
craignicol	nite	0	No specific role
craignm	sequitur	1	No specific role
craigp98072	realmsofmagic	0	Developer
craigp98072	arabica	0	Developer
craigrobbins	taxabase	1	No specific role
craigrobbins	rachis	1	No specific role
craigrowland	sentrytools	1	No specific role
craigsapp	humdrum	1	Project Manager
craigscott	virtue	0	Developer
craigstuntz	midess	1	Developer
craigt13	d20a	0	Tester
craigtalbert	aspencms	1	No specific role
craigthecook	webshell	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
craigugoretz	ncas	1	Developer
craigwblake	yacli	1	No specific role
craigwblake	jshipper	1	No specific role
craigweaver	ordman	1	No specific role
craigweinhold	cosi-nms	0	Developer
craig_comstock	palm-linux	1	No specific role
craig_hennessey	dragster	0	Developer
craig_hennessey	phpwm	0	Developer
craig_jb	shakarra	1	No specific role
craig_k	csror	0	Developer
craig_nagy	upload2flickr	1	No specific role
craig_nist	dave	0	Developer
craig_rt	kafooeyblog	0	Developer
craig_stewart	whurle	0	Developer
craig_welch2	twilight	1	No specific role
craig_welch2	oda	1	No specific role
craig_welch2	ipmd	1	No specific role
craig_wright	phphtmllib	0	Developer
craiu	cgal	1	No specific role
crajk	eurocauce	1	No specific role
crake	dive-log-book	1	No specific role
crakesh	j2k	0	Developer
crakinshot	nazca	1	All-Hands Person
crakotaku	lazypsp	1	No specific role
crakrjak	uscan	0	No specific role
craks	openet	1	No specific role
cral	hoodong	1	Project Manager
cralston	alexandria	1	No specific role
cramakrishnan	javaosc	1	No specific role
cramatte	limez	1	All-Hands Person
cramatte	dhcpleasesmysql	1	No specific role
cramatte	xslxforms	1	No specific role
cramatte	xformswiki	0	Developer
cramatte	phpxpath	0	Developer
cramatte	starshop	0	Developer
cramatte	concentre-xml	1	Project Manager
cramix	netstilus	1	No specific role
cramp1334	nuketopmusic	0	Developer
crampy	j3d-pe	1	No specific role
cramsdale	gnotifier	1	No specific role
cramus	tpo	1	Project Manager
cramus	cccc	0	Developer
cran	tentakel	1	No specific role
crandel_	todoaki	0	Developer
crane2002	xmlrpc-jajax	1	No specific role
craneandcrow	churchinfo	0	Web Designer
craneandcrow	spillwords	0	Web Designer
craneandcrow	publictest	0	Web Designer
cranecai	eurobudget	0	Developer
cranecai	vimcdoc	0	Developer
crane_chu	foicq	0	No specific role
cranfss	openss	1	No specific role
cranfss	vprof	1	Developer
craniac_pr	webpressocrm	0	Developer
cranie	timerec	1	No specific role
crankin_work	staf	1	Project Manager
crankninja	vnoss	0	Doc Writer
crankyfrank	lilproxy	0	Developer
cranos23	vibewire	0	Developer
cranos23	glnlinear	1	No specific role
cranphin	jpod	1	Developer
cranx	xtpl	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
crape	nbo	1	No specific role
crape	tcity	1	No specific role
crapher	sil	0	Developer
crapher	unlucalendar	1	Developer
crapher	freescada	1	Project Manager
crapman	sq7	0	Graphic/Other Designer
crapo	acuity	1	No specific role
crappy	edit	1	No specific role
crappy	slm	1	No specific role
crappy	sbasic	1	No specific role
crapscan	crappscan	1	No specific role
crash0v3r	sourceprofiler	1	No specific role
crash0very2k	vngwebmail	1	Project Manager
crash200124	haaiproject	1	No specific role
crash4o4	umbrellausers	1	Project Manager
crash4o4	bluebird	1	No specific role
crash4o4	mynews	1	Developer
crashbang	spontane	0	Web Designer
crashchaos	srcml	1	No specific role
crashchaos	eom	1	Project Manager
crashchaos	pyfile	1	No specific role
crashchaos	yass	1	No specific role
crashdata	freebe-voodoo	0	No specific role
crashdown	lcdata	0	No specific role
crashed	titanium-mail	0	No specific role
crashit	openrpr	1	Developer
crashrl	doomlegacy	0	Developer
crashsector	fold-server	0	Doc Writer
crashu85	php-webget	1	No specific role
crashuk	pacs	1	No specific role
crashvt	cfopenbb	0	Developer
crashy	ogre	0	Developer
crash_master25	edlinwx	1	No specific role
crasius	xmleditorkit	1	Project Manager
crasius	xalid	0	Developer
crasius	virtmlc	1	Project Manager
crass	divx	0	No specific role
crass	gnome-im	1	Developer
crass	gnetwork	1	Developer
crast	simplecodes	1	Developer
cratercreator	dawnofinfinity	1	Project Manager
cratercreator	openevgalaxy	0	Developer
cratercreator	emr3	0	Graphic/Other Designer
cratermoon	fitster	0	Developer
cratermoon	fit	0	Developer
cratermoon	agnet	0	Developer
cratermoon	instrumentable	1	No specific role
cratylus	dead-souls	1	No specific role
cratze	vle	0	Developer
craud	sms-archive	1	No specific role
crauer	slugtalk	1	Developer
crauscher	ngraph	1	Project Manager
crava	ftpdb	0	Developer
cravikiran	evros	1	Developer
cravikiran	mpacman	1	No specific role
cravikiran	thepagemachine	1	No specific role
cravikiran	tetris-sharp	1	No specific role
cravikiran	sourceworld	1	No specific role
cravikiran	jsrcl	1	No specific role
cravikiran	lostrealms	1	No specific role
cravikiran	cassandra-ge	0	No specific role
cravo	qcalc	0	Developer
crawdaddy115	cecid	0	Developer
crawfordcurrie	twikiplugins	0	Developer
crawler1	sapid	0	Developer
crawler1	sapidcmf	0	Developer
crawley	lexi	1	Developer
crawley	kissme	1	Developer
crawlpaper	crawlpaper	1	No specific role
crayden2006	dreamboxx	1	Developer
crayola_kidd	mobility	0	Developer
crayzeepete	amuru	1	Project Manager
crayzeepete	ipbsdk	1	Developer
crayzeewulf	libserial	1	Project Manager
crayzeewulf	pypbs	1	Project Manager
crayzeewulf	miimonitord	1	Project Manager
crayzeewulf	vtkqgl	1	Project Manager
craz1	opensfv	1	No specific role
craz1	openssl32	1	All-Hands Person
craz1	nfoviewer	1	No specific role
craze3	php-scan	1	No specific role
crazedgremlin	python6201	0	Developer
crazedsanity	cs-arraytopath	1	No specific role
crazedsanity	cs-content	1	Project Manager
crazedsanity	cs-phpxml	1	No specific role
crazed_weazel	beo	0	Graphic/Other Designer
crazee_cruzer	silentyak	1	No specific role
crazeydave	aftoolkit	1	No specific role
crazie	opx	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
crazilec	mbtpdfasm	1	No specific role
crazney	winex	0	Web Designer
crazy-smiling	schoolgame	0	Developer
crazy108	fullshop	1	No specific role
crazy108	mangos-wf-v3	0	No specific role
crazy2k	telphp	1	No specific role
crazy2k	php-one	1	Developer
crazy4bass	pnencompass	0	No specific role
crazy4bass	pn-modules	0	Developer
crazyazn	gadm	0	Developer
crazyball	slothrpg	0	Developer
crazybird05	cubic	1	Developer
crazybit	imagestone	1	No specific role
crazybit	pcl	1	No specific role
crazyboblee	aopalliance	1	Developer
crazyboblee	fetchrss	1	No specific role
crazyboy	orion3d	1	No specific role
crazybrings	satlovers	0	Tester
crazybytedl	dl2wp	1	Project Manager
crazyc	ringtone	1	No specific role
crazyc	iphoenix	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
crazycanuck256	tovk	1	Developer
crazycasta	gridrover	0	No specific role
crazycaz	neverendinggame	0	Developer
crazycoder911	dnfbb	0	Developer
crazycomputers	sharkbait	1	All-Hands Person
crazycomputers	ytoics	1	All-Hands Person
crazycomputers	jobyx	1	All-Hands Person
crazycomputers	tare	1	No specific role
crazycomputers	sssim	1	No specific role
crazycomputers	vbperl	1	No specific role
crazycomputers	aclean	0	Tester
crazycool	vlog-mode	1	Project Manager
crazydog1	nukeladder	1	Developer
crazyed57	aqhbci	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
crazyed57	aqbanking	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
crazyed57	gwenhywfar	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
crazyefa	netcal	1	No specific role
crazyfrazee	xion	1	All-Hands Person
crazygift	jwebmanager	0	Developer
crazygogo	qpegps	1	Web Designer
crazyhackerdude	tware	1	No specific role
crazyhor77	freemercator	0	Developer
crazyinsomniac	hwx	0	Developer
crazyinsomniac	wxglade	0	Developer
crazyinsomniac	nms-cgi	0	Developer
crazyinsomniac	perlbin	1	No specific role
crazyinsomniac	perlcompiler	1	No specific role
crazyjack	arpi	1	No specific role
crazyjimbo	albomb	1	No specific role
crazyjoke	artemiscache	1	No specific role
crazyjoke	proxyartemis	1	No specific role
crazyjul	open-extend	1	Developer
crazykrona	galileorenderer	0	No specific role
crazylapin	ircprobot	1	No specific role
crazyliberal	blockdrop	1	No specific role
crazyloki	c-db	0	Developer
crazynemo	bukmark	0	Developer
crazynorman	extendanato	1	No specific role
crazypenguin	abscnc	0	Developer
crazypit	chlenomer	1	No specific role
crazyreini	htmlword-java	1	No specific role
crazyrick	sg-brokenlink	1	No specific role
crazyserver	underjap	1	No specific role
crazyteam	crazygalaxy42	1	No specific role
crazytmac	cyclops-group	1	Unix Admin
crazytmac	dbdigger	0	Developer
crazytmac	albumbuilder	0	Developer
crazytomato	aswing	0	Developer
crazyuproar	cosmosrts	1	No specific role
crazy_cat	egg2stats	1	No specific role
crazy_cat	ircxml	1	No specific role
crazy_cat	phpthumbcreator	1	No specific role
crazy_diamond	fastlib	1	Unix Admin
crazy_joker	ultrastardx	0	Graphic/Other Designer
crazy_mamute	binpayload	1	No specific role
crazy_otaku	q-gears	0	Developer
crazy_penguins	uprint	1	No specific role
crazy_penguins	lfdsc	1	No specific role
crazy_russian	toshi	1	No specific role
crazz84	eexplorer	1	No specific role
crazzy666	zefania-sharp	0	Distributor/Promoter
crazzycloe	jcommander	0	Developer
crazzykid	amail	0	Developer
crazzym3x	ostibiabot	0	Developer
crb1	arkyve	1	Project Manager
crbell	tulsa	1	Unix Admin
crbenesch	obible	1	Developer
crbennett	chiselgroup	1	Project Manager
crbusch	moodle	0	Developer
crb_nz	wand	0	Developer
crc2	retroforth	1	No specific role
crc2002	pmml	0	Developer
crc9	pyroxima	1	No specific role
crcapg	net-cam	1	Project Manager
crcgroup	maiaproject	0	All-Hands Person
crchafer	luxasm	1	Developer
crcinau	cajun-4-win	1	Project Manager
crconrad	winjab	0	Developer
crcons	adaptweb	0	No specific role
crculver	charmap	1	No specific role
crculver	im-classgreek	1	No specific role
crc_canada	mvip	1	All-Hands Person
crc_canada	freewrl	1	No specific role
crdjm	libgessie	0	No specific role
crdoconnor	phpsetup	1	No specific role
crdoconnor	phpgoto	1	No specific role
creadmefford	wxdiary	0	Developer
creagan	cup-language	0	Developer
crealict	fisole	1	Developer
creamcheese	bellwhistle	1	No specific role
creamdog	creamchat	1	No specific role
creamygoodness	kinosearch	1	No specific role
creasser	opentrainsim	0	Tester
creat0r	phppalss	0	Doc Writer
creat0r	pimpimc	0	Analysis / Design
creat0r	pimpim	1	Developer
creat1ve86	ccity	1	No specific role
create-info	create-info	1	No specific role
createdbyx	xgsuite	1	Project Manager
createon	rndcareergame	1	Developer
createtank	elemenope	1	No specific role
creatext	creatext	1	No specific role
creation_zy	mylibrarydelphi	0	No specific role
creative1	sharpnuke	1	No specific role
creative1	kaosbot	1	No specific role
creative1	airplanewar	1	No specific role
creativeblend	spsy	0	Tester
creativehq	emulefinder	1	No specific role
creativenl	ezcontents	1	Developer
creativescott	worth	0	Developer
creativestudio	zeus4	1	No specific role
creativeweb	knomos	0	Developer
creativewebsols	cwslinkexchange	1	No specific role
creativewebteam	cwtt3xcacheall	1	No specific role
creativix	forensicx	1	No specific role
creativix	creativixdb	1	No specific role
creatixea	creagame	1	No specific role
creator	cedet	0	Developer
creator	octlight	1	No specific role
creator	infonode	1	Developer
creator	ecb	1	No specific role
creator2835	myrtos1130	1	No specific role
creatore	pgreplicator2	0	No specific role
creaturefeature	darknessgame	1	No specific role
creaturefeature	sirerevenge	1	Developer
creber	algodistr	1	Developer
creber	armadeus	0	No specific role
creber	kynzo	1	No specific role
crebralfix	d20gamebuilding	1	No specific role
crebralfix	wodchar	1	Developer
crebralfix	jobhunt	1	Developer
crebresco	nimspro	0	Developer
creeble	slimp3	0	Developer
creechy	squirrel-sql	0	Developer
creecode	frontierkernel	1	All-Hands Person
creederickson	aaf	0	Developer
creed_buhallin	jrci	0	Developer
creek23	konsolscript	1	No specific role
creek23	kamatis	1	No specific role
creek23	firestormos	0	Developer
creel	frickin	1	No specific role
creelan	acpi	0	Developer
creep	dreamos	0	Developer
creepy123	easytomcat	1	Developer
creepy82	distwb	1	Developer
creepy82	unigelaber	1	No specific role
creepynut	std-ovv	0	Developer
creidmiller	mondrian	0	Developer
creimann1	getardmms	1	No specific role
creinig	fcgp	1	Developer
creining	sguil	0	Developer
creis	shadsl	1	No specific role
creis	searchmifluz	0	No specific role
creis	hooksearch	1	No specific role
creis	webbase-utils	1	No specific role
creis	textquery	0	No specific role
creitzel	tidywrap	1	No specific role
creitzel	tidy	1	Developer
crej	wxcode	0	Developer
crelf	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
cremator	phpeselgui	1	Developer
cremby	aspace	0	Developer
cremes	ars-testbench	1	Developer
cremes	darwin-tulip	1	No specific role
cremes	qtcomponents	0	Developer
cremi_sketching	sketching	1	No specific role
cremlae	supcalc	1	No specific role
crempp	pair	1	No specific role
cren	listproc	1	Project Manager
crenan	scop	0	Developer
crender	server-spy	1	No specific role
crenfax	boreal	1	No specific role
crenix	fxg	1	No specific role
crenz	jianzidian	1	No specific role
creolewest	opentraces	1	Project Manager
creon	viewpoints	1	No specific role
creon1	mp3tagger	1	Project Manager
creon1	javabot	1	Project Manager
crepels	yacsf	0	Developer
crepey	sispread	1	Project Manager
crepuscule	utyp	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
crepuscule	crepuscule	0	No specific role
cresawsg	tao	1	No specific role
crescentgazer	orhun	1	No specific role
crescentgazer	opsim	0	Developer
cresh	sunet	0	Developer
cresk	cool	0	Graphic/Other Designer
cresk	phpmydownloads	0	Graphic/Other Designer
crespo9907	ouribatis	1	No specific role
crespo9907	mapeasy	1	No specific role
cresse	dacs327uiuc	1	Project Manager
crestfallenjd	gobblewin	1	No specific role
crestfallenjd	gobble	1	No specific role
crest_fallen	kutu-dizmece	0	Developer
cretzu	gbootroot	0	No specific role
creulein	xtray	1	No specific role
creulein	xmapper	1	No specific role
creulein	jmail	1	No specific role
creuvard	creuvux	1	No specific role
creuzerm	shear	0	Developer
creuzerm	pircs	0	No specific role
crevecoeurj	oscompta	1	Developer
crevetor	st2030phonebook	0	Developer
crevetor	eciadsl	0	Developer
crevette	attal	0	Graphic/Other Designer
crew109	winbitsplus	1	No specific role
crewdesign	myblog	1	No specific role
crewdson	driver5dt	1	No specific role
crewdson	idact	0	Developer
crewmember	g4f	1	No specific role
creysoft	pxi	1	No specific role
crezzy	hard-ircore	1	No specific role
crezzymonkey	php-cms-project	0	No specific role
crezzymonkey	e-volve	0	Doc Writer
crgand	magsafecounter	1	No specific role
crgand	osxportableapps	1	Project Manager
crgardner	joda-time	0	Developer
crgimenes	mod-t2t	1	No specific role
crgiomunoz	bsdfw	0	Unix Admin
crhalpin	msqlite	1	No specific role
crhalpin	fink	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
crhalpin	tangoim	1	No specific role
crhea	tulsa	1	Web Designer
crhode	hotlink	1	No specific role
crhodes	cclan	1	All-Hands Person
crhodes	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
crhylove	ohle	1	No specific role
cri	nlk	1	No specific role
cria-cow	ravenwebmud	1	No specific role
criadoperez	gallery-contrib	0	Developer
crib	minb	0	Developer
cribe	symofros	1	All-Hands Person
cribeaud	joone	0	Developer
cribeaud	jpilotexam	1	No specific role
cribeaud	jmol	0	Developer
cribs2	prismgame	1	No specific role
cribs2	rabit	1	Developer
crichards	src-utils	1	No specific role
crichardson	jxul	0	Developer
crichey	permissionsniff	1	No specific role
crichton91	dean	1	No specific role
crick136	wapam	1	No specific role
cricketscore	cricketscore	1	No specific role
crickett05	chasm-interop	1	All-Hands Person
crickett05	ccain	1	Developer
crickett05	gfortran2xml	1	No specific role
crickett05	fortran-parser	1	Developer
cricket_jumper	birmail	1	Developer
cricrac	quenottetv	0	Tester
cricri1976	medclipse	0	Developer
cricring	dreamos	1	Project Manager
cridligv	ensuite	1	Developer
cridligv	ssxg	1	No specific role
criesca	filedb	1	No specific role
criest	outside-photos	0	No specific role
crig	gretl	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
crigler	dtach	1	No specific role
crijke	dinero	1	No specific role
crillo	magicfile	1	Project Manager
crimarinescu	j2moose	0	Developer
crimbo	adventengine	1	No specific role
crimcat	vim-russian	0	Developer
criminal2	elfbrowser	1	No specific role
criminalf	brfint	1	No specific role
criminalf	zatacka	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
criminy	lifecycle-mgr	1	No specific role
crimm	beeping	1	No specific role
crimperman	ryanseds	1	No specific role
crimperman	ryansiob	1	No specific role
crimsen	jbeans	0	Web Designer
crimsonpenguin	wesnoth	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
crimsonshade	awebctcclient	0	Developer
crimsonshade	dcclients	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
crimsonshade	cosole	1	No specific role
crimsonspace	crimsonspace	1	No specific role
crimsonthorn	myworld	0	Developer
crimsonwizard	korax	1	Developer
crimson_blayde	lockit	1	No specific role
crimson_eyes	kenning	1	No specific role
crimson_tech	phelp	0	Developer
crimy0	ares-engine	0	No specific role
crincon	libuts	1	No specific role
cringel	robolog	0	Developer
cringel	sserver	0	Developer
crino77	fma	1	Project Manager
crippendsl	epp-mbean	1	Developer
crippsfx	hackndev	0	Developer
criptron	gare	1	Developer
cris	cayenne	0	Developer
cris2212	xsldev	1	No specific role
cris30	sas	1	No specific role
crisalid57	lexia	1	Developer
crisana1	ocera	0	Developer
crisb	curl	0	Developer
crisco_fsrf	inkubator	0	Developer
crismer	osmgsd	0	Project Manager
crismoore	hdtvtompeg2	1	Project Manager
crisomedina	zeleste	1	Project Manager
crispie_critter	ddmodd	0	Graphic/Other Designer
crispin	pyotp	0	Requirements Engineering
crispisito	lush	0	No specific role
crispy78	php-tms	1	No specific role
crispybit64	ngenp2p	0	No specific role
crispydev	yaorb	1	No specific role
crisronaldo2003	scripto-basic	1	No specific role
crissov	wizardy-league	1	No specific role
crisstanza	java-windows	1	No specific role
cristael	lanzadados	1	No specific role
cristan	l4alpha	0	Developer
cristan	l4mips	0	Developer
cristianadam	corector	1	No specific role
cristianc7211	anacondaportal	1	No specific role
cristiangheluta	visualpostgres	1	Developer
cristianivilela	uml4j	0	Developer
cristianop	hackndev	0	Developer
cristianorc	fps200usbdriver	1	No specific role
cristianorc	fingerlab	1	No specific role
cristian_amiq	fasper	1	Project Manager
cristian_bogdan	makumba	1	All-Hands Person
cristian_bogdan	parade	1	All-Hands Person
cristian_jpg	shrinkjpg	1	No specific role
cristian_olar	gaimxmmsed	1	No specific role
cristian_toraci	nmr-ghost	1	No specific role
cristian_y	tc-made-simple	1	No specific role
cristidr	my-community	1	No specific role
cristigee	webfilesystem	1	No specific role
cristimanole	gite	1	No specific role
cristina	vola	1	No specific role
cristinabouca	freemed	0	No specific role
cristina_rivero	inmobis	1	Developer
cristipotlog	abrain	1	No specific role
cristiroma	loc4j	1	Developer
cristivlas	loki-lib	0	All-Hands Person
cristobalito33	opencms-es-tr	0	No specific role
cristofd	turingmachine	1	Project Manager
cristom	appcore	1	No specific role
cristopher	knowledgemap	0	Developer
cristopherms	ajxtools	1	Project Manager
cristo_labri	ogame-evo	1	No specific role
cristufr	mev	0	No specific role
cristx	openjade	0	Developer
criswell	noink	1	Project Manager
criswell	tuxmath	1	Support Manager
criswell	tuxtype	1	Project Manager
criswell	tuxpaint	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
cris_rc	dilimece	1	No specific role
critchlow	letterbetter	1	No specific role
criter	dotnettelnet	0	Developer
criticalartware	hyperyarn	1	No specific role
criticalboot	opendvr	0	Developer
criticalhippo	koyote-land	0	Developer
critisizer	phpmyexim	1	No specific role
critone11	webcomp	0	Developer
critson	arisa	1	No specific role
critternyc	portableabiword	1	No specific role
critternyc	portablegaim	1	No specific role
critternyc	portablesbird	1	No specific role
critternyc	portableapps	1	No specific role
critternyc	portablegimp	1	No specific role
critternyc	portablenvu	1	No specific role
critternyc	portablefirefox	1	No specific role
critternyc	portableoo	1	No specific role
critternyc	portabletbird	1	No specific role
critter_hunter	utopiatool	0	Developer
critwick	xtendedxsd	0	No specific role
crive	xhost	1	No specific role
crive	lightcms	1	No specific role
criver	sserver	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
criverc	cowco	1	No specific role
criverc	kjabata	1	Developer
crixpcmu	openmdx	1	Content Management
crixpcmu	opencrx	1	Project Manager
crixtiano	utilframework	1	No specific role
crixtiano	utilbr	1	No specific role
crixtiano	jefx	1	No specific role
crixtiano	jaspe	1	Project Manager
crixz	virtual-linux	1	Project Manager
crizza	pwatchd	1	No specific role
crizza	dsrv	1	No specific role
crizzle	visoskop	1	Developer
criz_me	nsn	0	No specific role
crj	narrowmire	0	Graphic/Other Designer
crjensen	py-xmlrpc	1	Developer
crjohnson	mindseye	0	No specific role
crjviking	tknetman	1	No specific role
crk82	ajaxmdb	1	Developer
crkey	myalbum	1	Project Manager
crl620	tiniedcar	1	Project Manager
crlab	ezdicom	1	No specific role
crlf	aedii2001	1	No specific role
crlp	jmail	1	No specific role
crmasp	crmasp	1	No specific role
crmillmore	dsr	1	No specific role
crmky	cindy	1	No specific role
crmky	java-jml	1	No specific role
crmsmith	tapestrydreams	1	No specific role
crnash	dguitar	0	Developer
crni	srtsengine	1	No specific role
crni	extracta	1	No specific role
crnixon_lulu	bitweaver	0	No specific role
crnobog	isportal05	0	Developer
crnolan	sasquatch	1	Project Manager
cro0	yourshopadmin	1	No specific role
croachrose	trackdraw	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
croadfeldt	gemu	1	No specific role
crobar	gurubot	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
crobot	mp3ql	0	No specific role
croccia	meshlab	0	Developer
croccia	vcg	0	Developer
crocco_mio	pipe-mp3	1	No specific role
crocc_arg0n	lockonhr	0	Developer
crocgod	dotlucene	0	Developer
crocgod	restfuldotnet	1	No specific role
crocgod	tidynet	1	No specific role
crochat	phpmydvds	1	No specific role
crochuni	phpsips	1	Project Manager
crocifisso	simplemerge	1	Developer
crock_x	cwmp	1	Developer
croco3008	et-gnome	0	Developer
croco49	tekstilo	0	Developer
crocodile2u	concentre-xml	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
crocodingo	pokpokpoker	1	Developer
croconile	crocoforum	1	No specific role
croddy	mobilebg2	1	No specific role
crodgers	delta3d	0	Developer
crodrigu	databaseloader	1	No specific role
crodriguez	interligo	0	Developer
crodster	bind-dlz	1	No specific role
croedel	topcell	1	No specific role
croedel	qpegps	0	Developer
croeder6000	magelan	0	Developer
croepha	pcall	1	No specific role
croesustx	bookexchange	1	No specific role
croft	croftsoft	1	Developer
croft	xith-tk	0	Developer
croft	whoola	1	No specific role
crogers	pygnut	1	No specific role
crogoza	judo-tournament	1	No specific role
croisier	medialibrary	0	Tester
croizier	felix	0	Developer
crojo	xsb	0	Developer
crokaert	p4p	1	Developer
croksushi	sbfb	0	No specific role
croland	devoroclassik	1	Project Manager
croland	wabadatabase	1	No specific role
croland	step-up	1	No specific role
crolmos	shob	1	Project Manager
cromblrr	pres	0	Developer
cromeroherrero	openbravo	0	Developer
cromisdomis	fraybentos	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
crommemarc	zoomdotnet	0	Developer
crommettc	esiobjects	0	Developer
cromo	portableflicka	1	All-Hands Person
cromo	groupalizr	1	No specific role
cromptonmj	jlug	1	No specific role
cronel	kmc	1	No specific role
cronel	kpasman	1	Project Manager
cronikeys	adminzone	1	No specific role
crono0001	mfq3	0	Tester
crono456	cmdcalc	1	No specific role
crono760	febse	0	Developer
crono760	irisnet	1	No specific role
crono86	astralaura	1	No specific role
cronolabs	billing-nexus	1	No specific role
cronolabs	i-ching	1	No specific role
cronopios	macgpg	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cronos1_mx	hurd	0	No specific role
cronos6	tym	1	Project Manager
cronosii	cronosiiapplet	1	No specific role
cronosii	cronosii	1	All-Hands Person
cronosii	w3search	1	No specific role
cronosun	genesisae	1	No specific role
cronotrg	tuxboxgames	0	Doc Writer
crontabminusell	eqcps	1	Developer
crontabminusell	eqcps2	1	All-Hands Person
cronus_55	aerth-mud	0	Graphic/Other Designer
cronuz	beholder	1	Project Manager
croo	adempiere	0	Support Manager
croo	evolutionsmart	1	No specific role
crooked	pbxxx	0	Project Manager
cropley_b	python-mock	0	No specific role
cros13	luas	1	No specific role
crosati	jgraph	0	Developer
crosay	fbsideserver	1	Project Manager
crosay	capcode	1	Project Manager
crosbow	idlegame	1	No specific role
crosek	mcs1	0	Developer
crosenthal	xwsf	0	No specific role
crosland	jmri	0	Developer
cross	w3juke	0	No specific role
cross	consmgr	1	No specific role
cross	stalkercam	1	Project Manager
crossblades	odinah	0	Developer
crosscutgames	runesword	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
crosser	am2	1	No specific role
crosser	sweetspot	1	Developer
crosser	whoson	1	No specific role
crosser	netwatcher	1	No specific role
crosser	photopc	1	No specific role
crosser	ifmail	1	No specific role
crossftp	crossftpserver	1	No specific role
crossi	easyde	1	No specific role
crossinger	mycolex	0	No specific role
crossley	geoapi	0	Developer
crossley	geobject	1	Support Manager
crossrad	tsippwb	1	No specific role
crossrainbow	swing4cn	0	Tester
crossraleigh	openrook	1	No specific role
crossraleigh	sgade	0	Developer
crossraleigh	devkitpro	0	Developer
crossroad51	patc	0	Developer
crossroad51	acquis	0	Developer
crossrocks	pluggedout-cms	1	Unix Admin
crosstools	preptk	1	No specific role
crosswound	l2concepts	0	No specific role
crossy_master	crossy	1	No specific role
crotchet	aptos	1	No specific role
croth01	b-frame	0	Developer
crothallr	crothallsme	1	No specific role
crothecker	crchart	1	No specific role
crothecker	aixns	1	No specific role
crothwell	jspsurveylib	0	No specific role
crotonese	thesmp3	0	Developer
crotwell	geotools	0	Developer
crouchingsheep	smarthash	1	No specific role
crouchingtiger	vtigercrm	0	Developer
crouchingturbo	tgdb	1	Developer
crouchingturbo	cgdb	1	Developer
croudy	nxnet	0	No specific role
croueche	epidoc	0	No specific role
croume	galicia	1	Developer
crouse	openrpg	0	Developer
croutledge	colander	1	Project Manager
crouvrais	raccoonfwk	1	Project Manager
crouzeix	mwcalc	0	Developer
crouzeix	bc-scatterplot	0	No specific role
crow20	ngenp2p	1	Project Manager
crowbarcberg	vtrax	1	Developer
crowbert	crossfire	0	Developer
crowcomputer	dynapyide	0	Developer
crowderb	beyondproject	1	No specific role
crowderb	projectx	1	No specific role
crowds	jcrowds	1	No specific role
crowds1	jcrowds	1	No specific role
crowed	underthecarpet	0	Developer
crowelee	xmlization	0	Developer
crowleyj	openebxml	0	No specific role
crowlified	acadex	1	No specific role
crowman	spacemapper	0	No specific role
crowna	sbpgames	0	Developer
crowni	wibu	1	No specific role
crowston	ossmole	0	No specific role
crowston	phrep	1	Developer
crowtbk	jxtaim	0	Developer
crowtbot	mycash	0	All-Hands Person
crowy	glaning	1	No specific role
crow_soup	pnester	0	Graphic/Other Designer
croyer	jugsoft	0	Developer
croyer1978	doceng-toolkit	1	Project Manager
crram	xsb	0	Developer
crramirez	palmoscrlib	1	No specific role
crramirez	smartdisplayh	1	No specific role
crs0821	taskmaster-net	0	Developer
crs23	synergy2	1	Project Manager
crs23	bzflag	0	All-Hands Person
crsadun	clopt	1	No specific role
crsadun	cmaker	1	Project Manager
crsadun	skm	1	No specific role
crsadun	jffp	1	No specific role
crsadun	jpoller	1	No specific role
crsadun	sadun-util	1	No specific role
crsadun	sadun-mbeans	1	No specific role
crsadun	yaxom	1	No specific role
crsadun	processmonitor	1	No specific role
crschmidt	sdlroads	1	No specific role
crschmidt	dean	0	No specific role
crscott	enroninterface	0	Developer
crsh	zorro	1	Developer
crshman	lasv	0	Developer
crsimps	speakeasy	1	No specific role
crsimps	neti	1	No specific role
crslater	linuxcoe	0	Developer
crsle	openadressbook	1	No specific role
crsource	crossrec	1	Developer
crsource	tracepack	0	No specific role
crspe	freecell	1	No specific role
crspybits	datatime	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
crstn_udrea	zfotw	1	No specific role
crstn_udrea	co2	0	No specific role
crswain	pcpt	0	Developer
crswain	metahub	1	No specific role
crs_sf	lasymat	1	No specific role
crt	joat	1	Developer
crt03	dotdns	0	Developer
crtc	mpc-mpk	1	No specific role
crtrue	rhed	1	No specific role
cruaich	blood	0	No specific role
cruanyes	quesa	1	Developer
crubb	jawmail	1	No specific role
crubby31	rnnlib	1	No specific role
crubio	finalscratch	0	Developer
crubioescudero	satdna	1	Project Manager
cruby	multijava	0	Developer
cruby	jmlspecs	0	Developer
crucible	userminvacation	1	No specific role
cruckert	ikonmagikos	0	Developer
crudeanu	nplib	1	No specific role
crudnick	cultbooking	1	Developer
crudo	ilak	1	No specific role
crudo	resenhas	1	No specific role
crudo	lampiao	1	No specific role
crued	xsb	0	No specific role
cruelio	tapdance	1	No specific role
cruelladeville	gothe	0	Developer
cruelyfish	mailchekker	0	No specific role
cruentatio	lirica	1	Developer
cruentatio	cineboot	1	No specific role
cruft	joebot	0	Developer
cruise	openverse	1	No specific role
cruise8	waf	1	No specific role
cruiser1	daedalus	1	No specific role
cruise_wd	game-math3d	0	Developer
cruizer_ph	tipidmd	0	Developer
crulx	cape	1	No specific role
crulx	akoya	1	Project Manager
crumbach	jcycledata	1	No specific role
crumley	dvd2mp3	1	No specific role
crun	pp06	1	Project Manager
crun	realterm	1	No specific role
crun	rakbox	1	No specific role
crun	traxlaserplot	1	No specific role
crunatus	dungeonrealm	0	Web Designer
crunchy	mpio	1	Developer
crunchy	gbox-applet	1	No specific role
crunchybear	casanova	1	No specific role
crunchyfroggie	physmo	0	Web Designer
crunchywelch	dean	0	No specific role
crunix	mycatalog	1	No specific role
crunky	crunkyknobs	1	Developer
crusader111881	nset	0	No specific role
crusader_pv	stratosphere	0	Developer
crusader_pv	protolyser	0	Developer
crusadingknight	update	0	Developer
crusadingknight	elbot	0	Developer
crusadr	gnewtella	1	No specific role
crusdt	dragontale	1	No specific role
cruse1977	dogrescue	0	Developer
crush3000	lessentropy	0	Developer
crush3000	jackpod	1	No specific role
crushcode	crush1011	0	Developer
crushdepth	xoops	0	Doc Writer
crushedangel	eliteweb	0	No specific role
crushedangel	humantouch	0	No specific role
crusher	newbasic	0	Project Manager
crusher128	cortex-manager	1	Developer
crusher66	chouprod	0	Tester
crushmaster	mustnews	0	Graphic/Other Designer
crushmaster	ppis1	1	All-Hands Person
crushmaster	dsacontrol	1	No specific role
crush_tmw	themanaworld	0	Graphic/Other Designer
crusius	vimail	1	No specific role
crusius	dviv	1	No specific role
crusius	cwebtags	1	No specific role
crusius	psv	1	No specific role
crussosantos	xmsf	0	No specific role
crustydod	ispconfig	0	Developer
crusty_	gw-2nd-sbv	0	Developer
cruvolo	portproquake	1	No specific role
cruxman	w3node	1	No specific role
cruxman	sven	1	Developer
cruxos	phpbb2	1	No specific role
cruxxial	supercollider	1	Developer
cruxxial	quarks	1	Developer
cruxxial	sc-userlib	1	Developer
cruzdemalta	sagacruzmalta	1	Project Manager
crv	zezincou	1	No specific role
crw1980	ihm	0	Developer
crwallace	pkif	1	Developer
crwaters	chromium	0	No specific role
crweb	poweracpid	1	No specific role
crweb	hp4200-backend	0	No specific role
crweb	neuros	0	Developer
crweb	xget	1	No specific role
crwess	conzilla	0	Developer
crwheeler3	pirate-js	0	Developer
crwys	legendframework	0	Editorial/Content Writer
crx-	injector	1	No specific role
crxop	eclipse3-bcabi	1	No specific role
cry0	girc-services	1	Project Manager
cry0	g-ircd	1	No specific role
cry0gen	oftc	1	Developer
cry0gen	ircd-hybrid	0	Developer
cryan	openrpt	1	All-Hands Person
cryhavoc72	consoleos	0	Developer
cryingboy	pyforms	1	No specific role
crylex	euallegro	1	Developer
crynn	wizardspass	1	Project Manager
cryon	metasystem	1	Developer
cryonator	newsflash	0	Developer
cryonator	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
cryonator	ijournal	1	Project Manager
cryonax	phiend	1	No specific role
cryonox	vamp-busters	0	Developer
cryophobia	eduslug	1	All-Hands Person
crypt-keeper	beng	1	Unix Admin
crypt-keeper	fsnator	0	Developer
crypt-wizard	xmlforum	1	No specific role
crypt-wizard	loaderlot	1	Developer
crypt-wizard	ooforum	1	Developer
crypt0	logzilla	1	No specific role
crypt0	lassolog	1	No specific role
crypt0	snaglog	1	No specific role
crypt00	aeruirc	1	Developer
crypt0kn1ght	cnbloodline	0	Graphic/Other Designer
crypt0nym	gloster	1	Project Manager
cryptic	asphyxia	1	Developer
crypticashu	rss2bt	0	Developer
crypticbox	sludgebox	1	No specific role
crypticfortune	murasaki	1	No specific role
crypticode	openkore	0	Developer
crypto1	avc2avi	1	No specific role
crypto2600	dcms-portal	1	No specific role
cryptoalex	informa	0	Developer
cryptographite	gallery-contrib	0	Developer
cryptographite	gallery	0	Developer
cryptographrix	torahcode	0	All-Hands Person
cryptographrix	opensourceai	1	All-Hands Person
cryptoknight	nolimit	1	No specific role
cryptom	notnetprofiler	1	No specific role
cryptonix	battlepong	0	Support Manager
cryptonomicon	strawberryfield	1	Project Manager
cryptopup	slan	1	Developer
cryptopup	queue	1	All-Hands Person
cryptoquick	revolutionary	1	No specific role
cryptorius	savfergamespage	1	No specific role
cryptosize	automote	0	Developer
crypto_jis	secure-bit	1	No specific role
cryptr	crdebug	1	No specific role
cryptt	software-modem	1	No specific role
crysflame	pastebot	0	Developer
crysflame	ircxom	0	No specific role
crysflame	memephage	0	Developer
crysis	javaref	0	Developer
crysis	javawhiteboard	0	Developer
crystal-manage	cel	0	No specific role
crystal-manage	crystal	0	No specific role
crystalattice	cmrpg	1	Project Manager
crystalcaverns	adol	1	No specific role
crystalcrown	phphomework	0	Web Designer
crystaldon	dvdstyler	0	Doc Writer
crystall	jelatine	1	No specific role
crystalmagma	vientera	1	No specific role
crystals	pymaze	1	No specific role
crystalx	crystalx	1	No specific role
crystalxing	business-arena	0	No specific role
crystal_xiong	posixtest	0	Developer
crystal_xiong	ipw2100	0	Support Technician
crystal_xiong	saftest	1	Developer
crystal_y	cdchamber	1	Project Manager
crythias	edidebit	1	No specific role
crz	sim-icq	0	Developer
crza	duml	1	All-Hands Person
crzwdjk	ostridge	1	No specific role
crzybkr4	gorille	0	Developer
crzyltlman	commons	1	Project Manager
crzyltlman	raft	0	Developer
crzywx	licensereports	1	Developer
cr_alf	cr-alf	1	No specific role
cr_nandu	dawgtasktracker	0	Developer
cr_nandu	javastore	1	Developer
cr_nucleus	nvdcms	1	Project Manager
cr_patterson	viskprog	0	No specific role
cs-cam	edesklets	0	Web Designer
cs01nrd	grouphotel	0	Developer
cs01sks	grouphotel	0	Developer
cs02ab	grouphotel	1	No specific role
cs02rm0	fox	1	No specific role
cs02rm0	jirrm	1	No specific role
cs1	adzapper	1	Project Manager
cs123	ddccontrol	0	Developer
cs19713	kdocker	1	No specific role
cs19713	guc	1	No specific role
cs19713	visgrind	1	No specific role
cs19739	visgrind	1	Developer
cs224	gdac	1	All-Hands Person
cs224	sablaster	1	All-Hands Person
cs224	ojts	1	All-Hands Person
cs224	jclusterjobs	1	No specific role
cs2c-gj	crackerjack	0	Developer
cs2c-lyf	crackerjack	0	Developer
cs329_pacman	j2mw-pacman329	0	Developer
cs343	javabdd	0	Developer
cs343	joeq	0	Developer
cs343	bddbddb	0	Developer
cs410	cono	1	No specific role
cs5b	capture-hpc	1	All-Hands Person
cs5b	honeyc	1	All-Hands Person
cs5b	tokenizer	1	No specific role
cs603	chai-t	1	No specific role
cs83	squirk	1	No specific role
cs862104	alt-search	1	No specific role
cs862112	alt-search	1	Developer
csa	alq	1	No specific role
csa	cawh	1	No specific role
csa	xmlbench	1	No specific role
csa	pam-x509	1	No specific role
csa	pattr	1	No specific role
csa	rusxmms	1	No specific role
csa	sandlib	1	No specific role
csa	sfmenu	1	No specific role
csaa1629	alohacms	1	No specific role
csaa4871	antispam	1	Project Manager
csaa4871	netzshop	1	Project Manager
csababoer	dsol	0	No specific role
csabaf	schemas	0	Developer
csabaf	malom	1	Project Manager
csabaf	xmlform	1	No specific role
csabaf	publicvoicexml	0	Developer
csabaharangozo	kgarten	0	Developer
csaba_trucza	brain-game	1	No specific role
csabee	jinterpreter	1	No specific role
csacca	ajax-charts	0	No specific role
csacca	digitalbicycle	1	Developer
csaccavini	maris	1	Project Manager
csag5724	watten	0	Developer
csaik	chargen35	1	No specific role
csajjad	freeceilo	1	No specific role
csakatoku	sh-yaml	1	No specific role
csakatoku	leuchtturm	1	No specific role
csakatoku	piece-right	0	Developer
csakatoku	piece-unity	0	Developer
csalguero	carlos	0	Developer
csali	fortic	0	Developer
csali	millebv	0	Developer
csalmeron	gap-gest	0	Developer
csaltos	oxyus	1	No specific role
csamik	suliportal	1	Project Manager
csamik	xmikrobi	0	Project Manager
csamik	exif2gpx	1	No specific role
csammis	oscarlib	1	No specific role
csammis	sh-aim	1	Developer
csampson	ddu	1	No specific role
csanchez71	superglus	1	No specific role
csanchez71	paguaceta	0	Developer
csancho	porqual	1	Developer
csandeep	putnote	1	No specific role
csandeep	emacszilla	1	No specific role
csandmann	gnv	0	No specific role
csandoval	rdbmp	0	Developer
csandtner	chilp	1	Developer
csandu	authprogs	1	Developer
csanford	crownandcutlass	1	Developer
csansam	astrospaces	0	Developer
csanthosh2k1	sasm85	1	No specific role
csanthosh2k1	eccvs	1	No specific role
csantini	mengine	1	No specific role
csantini	silentvnc	1	No specific role
csantini	slurpie	0	Developer
csantossaenz	moodle	0	Developer
csanyi	abms	1	No specific role
csapet	maxirace	0	Developer
csardi	igraph	1	Developer
csardi	spywar	0	No specific role
csarith	phpobject-lib	1	Project Manager
csarridge	powerengine	1	Developer
csarridge	ufoai	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
csasanks	cromath	0	Developer
csasso	garfunkel	1	No specific role
csasy	fortic	0	Developer
csasy	millebv	0	No specific role
csatyajit	advancedos	1	No specific role
csauer	sqlgateway	1	Project Manager
csaunders	xmlchecker	1	No specific role
csauthier	exifmdreader	1	No specific role
csavignano	jadima	0	Developer
csb99	newbasic	1	Developer
csbaum	quickserver	0	Content Management
csbetz	memparser	1	No specific role
csbhargava	wireless-host	0	Developer
csbhargava	digiportal	0	Developer
csc	miktex	1	Project Manager
csc	mtfi	0	No specific role
csc	makertf	1	Project Manager
csc492-2005f	csc492-occluder	1	No specific role
cschaetzle	sentaqor	1	Developer
cschelch	jasftpd	0	Developer
cscheucher	isdndump	1	No specific role
cscheucher	isdnscan	1	No specific role
cschiefer	xesoview	1	No specific role
cschiller	mupad-combinat	0	No specific role
cschilling	eclipse-latex	1	Developer
cschilling	small-napoleon	1	No specific role
cschlegel	smart-robotics	1	Project Manager
cschlenk	sp-gxmlcpp	1	No specific role
cschlenk	tdsreversepool	1	No specific role
cschlichtherle	truezip	1	No specific role
cschlichtherle	truevfs	1	No specific role
cschlichtherle	truelicense	1	No specific role
cschluti	l2view	1	No specific role
cschluti	ourmon	0	Developer
cschmitt	hamfax	1	No specific role
cschmitz	pcihpd	1	No specific role
cschneider	secureicq	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cschnell	telaen	1	No specific role
cschnell	bluefusion	1	No specific role
cschormann	aaf	0	Developer
cschoute	c2f	1	No specific role
cschroers	jmesoapserver	1	No specific role
cschultz	erlyaws	0	No specific role
cschwarz	sqliteadonet	1	No specific role
cschwerdtner	gusdaf	0	Developer
csci	ordweb	0	Unix Admin
csci214	ordweb	1	Developer
cscolt	blogbuddies	0	Doc Writer
cscott	dmf	0	No specific role
cscp	cscp-ws	1	Developer
cscp	mojt-ls	1	Developer
cscp	evforum	1	No specific role
cscriv	mailmanager	1	Requirements Engineering
cscsmit	boincguardian	1	Project Manager
csc_iv	rooter	1	No specific role
csdau	cs-framework	0	No specific role
csdezolator	tagmaster	1	No specific role
csdezolator	h-child-abuse	1	No specific role
csdgp	samooha	0	Developer
csdgp	splintpp	1	Unix Admin
csdsoftware	htpcmusic	1	No specific role
cseagle	ida-x86emu	1	No specific role
cseagle	jlifelines	1	Developer
cseagle	regviewer	1	No specific role
cseagle	lifelines	0	No specific role
cseale	facetoface	0	Developer
csedlaczek	borgworx	1	Project Manager
csedlaczek	borgworks	1	Developer
cseebregts	rubyonroad	1	Developer
cseetharaman	ckrm	1	Developer
cseetharaman	lmsf	1	Developer
csegre	ifeffit	1	Developer
cseibert	opencvlibrary	0	Developer
cseiculescu	mancy	0	Developer
cseifert	ocm	1	No specific role
csejl	ltfx	0	Developer
csekharan	citep	1	No specific role
csell	squirrel-sql	0	No specific role
csell	exist	0	Developer
csell5	tortoisevsts	1	No specific role
csell5	vstsplugins	0	Developer
cselt	wwtk	1	No specific role
cselt	mips	1	No specific role
cselt	schemas	1	No specific role
cselti	ogportal	1	Project Manager
cselti	webdbwizard	1	Doc Writer
csemike	liveswarms	1	No specific role
csena2k2	ocomonphp	0	Developer
csena2k2	movix	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
cseppan	smokemodel	1	No specific role
csepulv	xteamworks	1	No specific role
csepulv	dotunit	1	No specific role
cseres	ataraxia	0	Developer
csergiu	linuxve	0	No specific role
cserpell	pastemage	0	Developer
cservenak	trapi	1	No specific role
cservenak	jsbp	1	No specific role
cservenak	proximity	1	No specific role
csete	hrs	1	No specific role
csete	groundstation	1	Project Manager
csete	hamlib	0	Tester
csete	gflow	1	Project Manager
csete	vp7wkp	1	Project Manager
csett86	transsat	1	No specific role
cseyve	piaf	1	No specific role
csezol	blazeos	1	No specific role
csfax	bashseti	1	No specific role
csfax	partyspider	1	No specific role
csfax	csfax	1	No specific role
csfax	rrdstats	1	No specific role
csff	jeops	0	No specific role
csg7020	antrunner	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
csg7020	hotfusion	1	No specific role
csgib36	csgib	1	No specific role
csgyao	ffll	0	Developer
cshabazian	unityca	1	Requirements Engineering
cshank	sexd	1	No specific role
cshark	openb2b	1	Project Manager
csharp36	syncml-ctoolkit	1	Developer
csharp42	phpcorecreate	1	No specific role
csharpbird	dotnetarx	1	No specific role
csharpguru	naralsoft	1	No specific role
csharph	cpkg	1	All-Hands Person
csharpstyle	smart-lv-log	1	No specific role
csharp_wannabe	ncoder	1	No specific role
csharp_wannabe	jcoder	1	No specific role
cshben	crowtde	0	Developer
csheppar	thinktank	1	Developer
csheppard	ramp	0	Developer
cshields2	smbl	1	Unix Admin
cshields2	chatforte	0	Graphic/Other Designer
cshields2	wxspottertrack	1	No specific role
cshnaider	chinchilla	0	Developer
cshoemaker	gnucash	0	Developer
cshotton	machttp	1	Project Manager
cshring	cbit	1	No specific role
cshttpunit	cshttpunit	1	No specific role
cshuller	doverdrive	1	Project Manager
cshuller	mbas	1	No specific role
csiatgm	syseventfw4j	1	Project Manager
csibra	gug	0	Developer
csiedhoff	phpnuke65-cpg	0	Tester
csiefken	metaproject	1	No specific role
csiet	malom	0	Developer
csigel	at-vda	0	Developer
csigrist	pi2m	0	Developer
csilva	gtb	1	Developer
csilva	havs	0	Developer
csilva	vistrails	1	No specific role
csilva	afront	1	No specific role
csilvano	s2ilib	0	Developer
csilvers	goog-perftools	1	No specific role
csilvers	goog-sparsehash	1	No specific role
csilvers	goog-gflags	1	No specific role
csilvers	goog-ctemplate	1	Developer
csimard	millebv	0	Developer
csimard	xtnt	1	No specific role
csimfu	pxebrute	1	No specific role
csimoes	lpdspooler	1	Project Manager
csimon	epeios	1	Developer
csimon	emth	1	Developer
csimon	etmc	1	No specific role
csimon	ebkd	1	Developer
csimon	ecgi	1	Developer
csimon	ejava	1	No specific role
csimon	ehos	1	Developer
csimonut	jeeglue	0	Developer
csimpson	minilith	1	No specific role
csinc	csrcs-opentool	0	No specific role
csinem	tinyos	0	Developer
csioutis	utbot	0	No specific role
csipiemonte	maxdev	0	No specific role
csipiemonte	xexpress	0	Developer
csirac	gtk-amiga	0	Developer
csirac	beeos	1	No specific role
csixty4	wingsos	0	Developer
csjanakas	rohala	0	No specific role
csk0	mysocket	1	No specific role
csk571	hipgmap	0	Developer
cskaryd	pywwwboard	1	No specific role
cskeogh	tuxkart	0	All-Hands Person
cski	gwizard	1	No specific role
csklu	openigs	1	No specific role
cskotur	eduos	0	Developer
cslehmann	grasper	1	Developer
cslewis	peerkat	0	Developer
cslibby	inspcamper	1	Project Manager
cslittle	boost	0	Developer
cslsublevel3org	jp2a	1	Project Manager
cslsublevel3org	a2png	1	No specific role
cslsublevel3org	gubby	1	Developer
cslsublevel3org	surblhost	1	Project Manager
csm-101	py-universe	0	Developer
csm1975	xfce	0	Developer
csm2005	b3dviewer	1	Developer
csm23	cenvotes	0	Developer
csmacd	masterchef	0	All-Hands Person
csmacd	saute	0	All-Hands Person
csmall	rspf	1	No specific role
csmall	lprng	0	Developer
csmall	procps	0	No specific role
csmall	psmisc	1	Developer
csmall	ax25	1	No specific role
csmall	jffnms	0	Developer
csmall	naupy	1	No specific role
csmall	hams	1	No specific role
csmall	ghu	1	No specific role
csmall	ehnt	1	Developer
csmann	zentrack	0	Developer
csmanstan	shuttlecom	0	Developer
csmarkus	flatchat	1	All-Hands Person
csmccarron	pgmfi	0	No specific role
csmed	lin-seti	0	Developer
csmeyer	ivtv	1	All-Hands Person
csmeyer	myhd	0	No specific role
csmith	lsf-tools	1	No specific role
csmith	lsid-orig	1	Developer
csmith	gcsf	1	No specific role
csmith	r-gregmisc	0	Developer
csmith-oss	jt400	0	Developer
csmithere	nfs	0	No specific role
csmithtx	internetdirect	0	Developer
csmith_oopscope	embedlets	0	Developer
csmorris	idesk	0	Developer
csmsf	mistermodel	1	No specific role
csm_ucsc	birchfs	1	No specific role
csn1	csn	1	No specific role
csnell	mp3elf	1	Project Manager
csnell	ttftp	0	Developer
csnell	tinimon	1	No specific role
csnetworks	csn-smartweb	1	No specific role
csnook	atl1	1	Developer
csodaszar	npdune	0	Developer
csodonnell	magnifier	1	Developer
csogilvie	dgforums	1	No specific role
csokas	harmon	0	Developer
csokt	zetadb	0	Developer
csoldier67	cworkshop	1	Project Manager
csoldier67	microbes	0	Developer
csoltenborn	jgrapht	0	Developer
csoltenborn	fs-fuchs	1	No specific role
csolutions	csphonebook	1	No specific role
csomerville	freeserv	1	No specific role
csomor	wxwindows	0	No specific role
csomor	wxstudio	0	Developer
csopen	pdl	1	No specific role
csoutheren	cphone	1	Project Manager
csoutheren	voxgratia	1	Project Manager
csoutheren	openh323	0	Developer
csouza	phpgettext	1	No specific role
csp-kris	dungeonrealm	0	Graphic/Other Designer
csp1000	psuprog	0	No specific role
csp1000	genedb	0	No specific role
cspaeth	trade-and-fight	1	Project Manager
cspalletta	xattrfs	1	No specific role
cspannagel	jacareto	1	No specific role
cspare	mmenvironment	1	No specific role
cspataki	megasquirtavr	0	Developer
cspavins	jaccounts	0	All-Hands Person
cspeer	siv	1	No specific role
cspencer	megahal	0	No specific role
csperandio	gaimosd	1	No specific role
csphere	amaranth	1	Developer
cspircu	dgc	0	Developer
cspitzer	tierramedia	1	Developer
cspnanda	whereami	1	Developer
cspnanda	pypt-offline	0	Developer
cspok	jchemicalmms	0	No specific role
cspowers	epaleditor	0	No specific role
cspowers	epalsts	0	No specific role
cspraener	jacg	1	Developer
csprivat	ams-player	1	No specific role
csprivate	ieadmin	1	Project Manager
cspry	owis	1	No specific role
cspurrier	asvcs	1	No specific role
cspurrier	abiwordftd	1	No specific role
cspurrier	craigwebmail	1	No specific role
cspurrier	softwareftd	1	No specific role
csq	csharpq	1	No specific role
csrazvan	proiectip	1	No specific role
csreis	drcsharp	1	Developer
csreis	drjava	1	Developer
csreis	astgen	1	Developer
csreis	javalangtools	1	Developer
csrocha	gud	1	Developer
csrocha	biocm	1	No specific role
cssa008	meuhmeuhtv	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
cssb	mlanalsa	1	No specific role
cssbz	eden	1	No specific role
cssbz	oasysgpl	1	No specific role
csscmaster3	world-of-wonder	1	Developer
cssharp	bindx0r	1	No specific role
cssharp	ozvm	1	No specific role
cssharp	tinyos	0	Developer
csshyamsundar	asp-captcha	1	No specific role
csspcman	cssajaxfrw	1	No specific role
csstiffl	nepax	1	No specific role
csstolle	snapdal	0	No specific role
cssuperdau	cs-framework	0	No specific role
cst02048	securitycoach	0	Developer
cstadthe	vbholdem	1	No specific role
cstahmer	patacriticism	0	Developer
cstange	loopflow	1	Project Manager
cstaudt122	dbeasy	1	Developer
cstauffer	phpstorelocator	1	No specific role
cstdenis	ctgames	1	No specific role
csteelatgburg	php-html-lib	1	No specific role
csteen	mercator	0	Developer
cstefan	demet-edunet	0	Developer
cstefan	smallisp	1	No specific role
csteffen	sss-oscar	0	Developer
cstegmann	achaeacure	0	Developer
cstein	leaf	1	Developer
cstein	lcdproc	0	No specific role
cstein06	intelli-teg	0	Project Manager
csteinbeck	pksarm	1	No specific role
cstejerean	snim	1	No specific role
cstender	crusty	0	No specific role
csteph	cconnect	1	Developer
csteph	ltsa	0	No specific role
csteph	naap	1	Project Manager
csterwa	storytestiq	1	Developer
csterwa	xradar	0	Developer
csterwa	collabline	1	All-Hands Person
cstewart3	dean	0	No specific role
cstim	dtrag	1	No specific role
cstim	ktoblzcheck	1	Developer
cstim	ksimthetic	1	Developer
cstim	lapackpp	1	No specific role
cstim	libchipcard	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
cstim	simthetic	1	No specific role
cstim	aqbanking	0	Developer
cstim	aqmoney	0	Developer
cstim	aqhbci	0	Developer
cstim	openhbci	1	Developer
cstim	qanagram	1	No specific role
cstim	gwenhywfar	0	Developer
cstim	gnucash	0	Developer
cstinson	rundown	0	No specific role
cstoffel	rhesus	1	No specific role
cstoffel	sksync	1	No specific role
cstoffel	ftpnet	1	No specific role
cstolworthy	phpgedview	0	Developer
cstorah	mex	1	No specific role
cstorah	orionsmg	1	Project Manager
cstrauss	mingw	0	No specific role
cstreiff	form4j	0	No specific role
cstreiff	virtl	1	No specific role
cstrep	number-format	0	Developer
cstritzke152	noxnet	0	Developer
cstroie	chipcd	1	Project Manager
cstroie	blis	1	No specific role
cstroie	lastbash	1	No specific role
cstroie	dialogcd	1	Project Manager
cstroie	dialognews	1	Project Manager
cstroie	gsmmanager	1	No specific role
cstroie	subproc	1	Project Manager
cstroie	batren	1	Project Manager
cstroliadavis	nugsoft	0	No specific role
cstromberger	pyexif	1	No specific role
cstrotm	microusb	1	No specific role
cstrotm	volksforth	1	No specific role
cstrotm	gci	1	Project Manager
cstruble	javamath	1	No specific role
cstsumanuma	notsad	1	No specific role
cstt	zdat	1	No specific role
cstudhol	kdc2tiff	1	No specific role
cstudhol	vphotoalb	1	Project Manager
cstudhol	modsql	1	No specific role
cstump	xmlrpc4sw	1	No specific role
cstump	vqadmin	1	Project Manager
cstump	qmailmrtg7	1	No specific role
cstump	ghronos	1	No specific role
cstump	dnsadmin	1	Project Manager
cstup	midway	0	No specific role
cstup	nmap-ncat	0	Developer
cstura	pgphpgenerator	1	No specific role
cstura	cj2eetools	1	No specific role
csturm	hibernate	0	Developer
csucsu	acx100	0	Developer
csufresnoacm	csufsummerproj	1	No specific role
csuju	lightbikes3d	0	No specific role
csujun	mysqlnet	1	Project Manager
csulb_wdc	csulb-cal-app	1	No specific role
csullivan	medhome	1	Developer
csullo	seti-web	1	No specific role
csurchi	loserjabber	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
csuwi	netsaintplug	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
csuwi	unitype	1	No specific role
csuzw	opensports	0	Developer
csuzw	openbooking	0	No specific role
csvbeans	csvbeans	1	Developer
csvectvae	tvae	0	Developer
csvgr	cobalt	1	Developer
csvgr	ccoptions	1	Project Manager
csware	clamav	0	Developer
csweeney	swim-fish-swim	1	No specific role
cswest	premis	1	Unix Admin
cswiger	opensdr	0	All-Hands Person
cswilliams	p2pstore	0	No specific role
cswilly	jedit	0	No specific role
cswilly	pollo	0	Developer
cswindle	psp-quake	1	Developer
cswinehart	fink	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
csxm	pyque	1	No specific role
csyfek	openq	0	Developer
csyfek	aria-rpm	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
csyfek	materm	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
csylesh	folkmind	0	Developer
csyntax	cslive	1	No specific role
csyntax	csyntax	1	No specific role
csyntax	txtmysql	1	No specific role
csyntax	myscrapbook	1	No specific role
cszneider	verto	1	Project Manager
cszsd	delos	0	Developer
cs_triax	csbot	0	No specific role
ct201224	ffireball	0	No specific role
ct2gnl	gpstrans	1	All-Hands Person
ctachme	seashore	0	Developer
ctachme	metalister	1	No specific role
ctaf	mixxx	0	No specific role
ctaf	nahlwe	0	Developer
ctaf	grk	1	Project Manager
ctaf	gaim-netsoul	0	Developer
ctakahashi	mspgcc	0	Developer
ctalon	dvd	0	Developer
ctanner	maleficus	1	Developer
ctanner	kwotes	1	Developer
ctarrington	htmlprod	1	Developer
ctarrington	yasja	1	No specific role
ctarrington	jeast	1	Project Manager
ctasada	tclbitprint	0	No specific role
ctasada	testimony	1	Project Manager
ctaubman	ccnet	0	Developer
ctavano	poedit	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
ctavano	audacity	0	Doc Writer
ctawp	phptm	0	Web Designer
ctawp	gnomegnation	0	Web Designer
ctayl002	mwamko	1	Graphic/Other Designer
ctb1979	phpbiblio	1	No specific role
ctbiu	vilab	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
ctbxz	moodle	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
ctcbmw	openbrr	1	Project Manager
ctcbmw	blackbadger	1	Project Manager
ctchiang81	guat	1	No specific role
ctchrinthry	codpiece	1	No specific role
ctchrinthry	dataspace	1	Project Manager
ctchrinthry	pmml	1	Project Manager
ctchrinthry	udt	0	No specific role
ctclark1	sonius	1	No specific role
ctconly	vkbw-qt	1	No specific role
ctconly	pytsjb	1	Project Manager
ctcp	neostats	1	Developer
ctcrm	renthouse	1	No specific role
ctcrm	babele	1	All-Hands Person
ctcrm	customer-touch	1	Project Manager
ctday	softwareradio	1	No specific role
ctdee	togra	0	No specific role
ctdung	firedic	0	Developer
ctebo	beyondepg	1	No specific role
ctebo	pvsxmlimport	1	All-Hands Person
ctebo	xmlfront	1	No specific role
ctengiz	yedekle	1	No specific role
ctenklooster	geotools	0	Developer
ctenolophon	phylocom	1	No specific role
cteplovs	zoolib	1	Developer
ctessarek	pns-webdesktop	1	Developer
ctford	bluetunes	0	Developer
ctgaff	kpad	0	Developer
ctgraham	uiuc-ide	0	No specific role
cth-g	url-checker	1	No specific role
cth103	inkscape	0	Developer
cthackers	websiteadmin	1	No specific role
cthallen	biatchux	0	Developer
cthatcher	groupkit	1	No specific role
cthetford	dirssync	0	No specific role
ctheune	csadminshell	1	No specific role
ctheune	textindexng	0	Developer
ctheune	collective	1	Developer
ctheune	plone-i18n	0	Developer
ctheune	exuserfolder	0	Developer
ctheune	zopemailarchive	1	Developer
cthiel1	mogulx	0	All-Hands Person
cthien	adum	1	No specific role
ctho9305	mtrc	1	No specific role
cthoeing	pwgen-win	1	No specific role
cthom	axkit-docs	0	Doc Writer
cthomson	freeframework	0	Developer
cthordarson	dhx	0	Developer
cthorn	transana	0	No specific role
cthu	openfxp	1	Developer
cthuang	cproto	1	No specific role
cthuga	openarchmage	1	Developer
cthulhu32	pytetris	1	No specific role
cthulhu_osx	joyofhex	1	No specific role
cth_goldenhawk	phpchrystal	1	Project Manager
cth_neopunk	phpchrystal	1	Graphic/Other Designer
ctiannuzzo	okiproject	1	Project Manager
ctigaret	ijholster	1	No specific role
ctiger	hellcats	0	Developer
ctiger	blitznet	1	Developer
ctiger	netcomm6	1	No specific role
ctilbury	sros	1	No specific role
ctindel	saftest	0	Developer
ctindel	bonding	1	No specific role
ctitus	bbquest	0	Developer
ctjctj	brlcad	0	Developer
ctk	bench	1	No specific role
ctl	xed	1	No specific role
ctl271	spark	1	Project Manager
ctl271	csvgui	1	No specific role
ctl271	mistermodel	0	No specific role
ctmiller	madrigal	1	No specific role
ctnp	jdrop	1	No specific role
ctof	jmpd	1	No specific role
ctoland	xpe	0	Developer
ctoland	polonius	0	Developer
ctoland	calliope	0	Developer
ctombelle	poesia	0	No specific role
ctomberg	mifos	0	Developer
ctota	orcan	0	Developer
ctous	care2002	0	Developer
ctphillips	wicap-php	1	No specific role
ctphillips	sd-audio	1	No specific role
ctraber	agtoys	0	Developer
ctraber	sledit	0	Tester
ctrager	btnet	1	Project Manager
ctran	jbrowscap	1	No specific role
ctratter	hmafra	1	No specific role
ctrl	konference	1	Developer
ctrl-a	freeframe	0	All-Hands Person
ctrl-c	phpsdr	1	Project Manager
ctrl-t	quarks	0	No specific role
ctrl-t	supercollider	0	Developer
ctrl0l	bgoffice	0	Developer
ctrlaltca	ctrlmedia	1	No specific role
ctrlpatrick	biopackages	1	Support Technician
ctrlpatrick	nelsonlab	0	Support Manager
ctrlsoft	pdbsql	1	Developer
ctrlsoft	gtab	0	Developer
ctrl_alt_suppr	mysticwidgets	1	Developer
ctrl_alt_suppr	sc4terraformer	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
ctrl_phreak	boxphreak	1	No specific role
ctromble	jest	1	Developer
ctron	lcl	1	Project Manager
ctrondlp	winguitest	1	Developer
ctrondlp	x11guitest	1	No specific role
ctroup	mged	0	Developer
ctrung	compiere	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
ctsa	btk	1	Developer
ctsol	miniportal	1	No specific role
ctsol	jlabeler	1	No specific role
cts_m	ctsm	1	No specific role
cttl	cttl	1	No specific role
ctulhu	xfdisk	1	No specific role
ctuztas	gconsole	1	No specific role
ctwoodward	clockforchess	1	No specific role
ctwoodward	iim	1	No specific role
ctx2002	dotpublish	1	Developer
ctx2002	jlabase	0	Developer
ctx2002	ismanager	0	Developer
ctx2002	phpdbedittk	0	Developer
ctype	freeclnet	1	No specific role
ctzsjh	jedimail	1	No specific role
ctzurcanu	portal-php	1	No specific role
ctzurcanu	neo-portal	1	Project Manager
ctzurcanu	neo-babel	1	No specific role
ctzurcanu	menu-php	1	No specific role
ctzurcanu	dbform-php	1	No specific role
ctzurcanu	alternators	1	No specific role
ctzurcanu	abstractdb-php	1	No specific role
ctzurcanu	themes-php	1	No specific role
ct_ee	tinyos	0	No specific role
ct_roy	kotion	1	No specific role
cuartielles	gohan	1	Developer
cuaz	cuaz	1	No specific role
cubaner	boardgameonline	0	No specific role
cubber	zengine	1	Developer
cubber	twodage	1	Project Manager
cubbieco	gamedaemon	1	No specific role
cube47	ownerarius	0	Web Designer
cube666	webmounty	0	Developer
cube77	hybridmenu	0	Developer
cubed	xslpipe	1	No specific role
cubed	tradeislands	1	No specific role
cubed	openforbusiness	1	Developer
cubefarm	simple-rpc	1	No specific role
cubehead	j2-doc-zh	1	Project Manager
cubejk	nebuladevice	0	Developer
cubeknight	worldbuilder	0	No specific role
cubeobjects	cubeobjects	1	No specific role
cubeonline	cubeonline23	1	Project Manager
cubesoft	cubesoft	1	No specific role
cubical	qlcr	1	No specific role
cubic_compass	passage	1	No specific role
cubidou	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
cubik	rbmud	0	No specific role
cubito	oocms	1	Project Manager
cubix_	svrrpd	1	No specific role
cubnc	cubnc	1	No specific role
cubofjudahslion	openwars	0	Project Manager
cubranic	bugzilla-clipse	1	No specific role
cubranic	gild	0	Developer
cubrya	polyworld	0	No specific role
cubrya	bugreport	0	Developer
cubsking99	pannerpro	1	No specific role
cuc	xawdecode	0	Developer
cuchac	bhttp	1	No specific role
cucharro	octmesh	1	No specific role
cucharro	gfemlib	1	No specific role
cucharro	sh5	1	No specific role
cucharro	wxmaxima	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
cuchulain	wand	0	Developer
cuchulain	srg	0	Developer
cucme	icuc	1	No specific role
cucme	msnbot	1	No specific role
cucullin	kadd	1	No specific role
cucumelo	host-mobility	1	No specific role
cucumelo	gfclib	0	All-Hands Person
cucu_	ugame	0	Developer
cucu_adrian	gaj	1	No specific role
cucu_adrian	popsim	1	All-Hands Person
cudeso	phpmount	1	No specific role
cudeso	priapos	1	No specific role
cudeso	ddclient	0	Developer
cudeso	merengue	1	No specific role
cudi	phiend	0	Developer
cudi	xbs	0	Developer
cudi	tautales	1	Project Manager
cudi	extensibleos	1	No specific role
cudjoebill	pokergrapher	1	Developer
cueator	cueator	1	No specific role
cuefinder	pmreportpgsql	1	No specific role
cuefinder	purftpdpassword	1	No specific role
cuerty83	pymms	1	No specific role
cufalo	phorminx	0	No specific role
cug	opframeworks	0	All-Hands Person
cug	ginko	0	Developer
cugola	giavamachia	1	No specific role
cugola	peerware	1	Project Manager
cuhcumber	cupalu	1	Project Manager
cuhsat	nehemia	1	Developer
cuihtlauac	otags	1	No specific role
cuiyingjie	onekg	1	Developer
cui_bo	lcitysim	1	No specific role
cujo00	realmswar	0	Editorial/Content Writer
cuke15	uni-converter	1	No specific role
cukessler	opencamp	0	Developer
cul8r	save-oe	0	Tester
culbertsonrna	nmdtarget	1	No specific role
culdesac	sharpster	0	Developer
culex	dailydiet	1	No specific role
culhane	opencola	0	Developer
cullen	nrappkit	0	No specific role
cullen	resiprocate	0	No specific role
cullen	callflow	1	All-Hands Person
cullen	ipgrab	0	No specific role
cullen	sippy	0	Developer
cullen	sipimp	1	All-Hands Person
cullen	stun	1	All-Hands Person
cullen	srtp	1	Developer
culler	onedesign	1	No specific role
culley	phphtmllib	0	Developer
cullman	pywebsvcs	0	Developer
cullmann	qtkdeaddons	1	No specific role
cullmann	worlddom	1	Project Manager
culmat	wexplorer	1	All-Hands Person
culmat	traymenu	1	No specific role
culshaja	dataaide	1	No specific role
cultivate	fooripper	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cultpenguin	wtbackup	1	No specific role
cultpenguin	segymat	1	Project Manager
cultpenguin	phpmotiondetect	1	No specific role
cultpenguin	mgstat	1	No specific role
cultpenguin	mpm	1	Developer
cultpenguin	lasymat	1	Developer
culture20	timewarp	1	Developer
culturejam23	al-cal-culator	1	No specific role
culturek	elearnreview	1	No specific role
cumanji	javacszip	1	No specific role
cumax105	hydracube	0	All-Hands Person
cumesoftware	java-libs	1	No specific role
cumesoftware	cs-cmdtools	1	Project Manager
cumesoftware	lesser-libs	1	Project Manager
cumhur94	ajaccio	1	No specific role
cumulo	projectr	0	Developer
cunac	judita	0	No specific role
cunctator	wikipedia	0	All-Hands Person
cune	mudit	0	Developer
cunger	napro	1	Developer
cunger	na-basic	1	Developer
cunha17	radframe	1	No specific role
cunha17	phporb	1	No specific role
cunkel	javabdd	0	Developer
cunkel	joeq	0	Developer
cunkel	suif	1	Project Manager
cunkel	bddbddb	0	No specific role
cunni	open-capwap	1	No specific role
cunniff	hoverball	1	Project Manager
cunniff	adl	1	No specific role
cunnijd	skummee	1	No specific role
cunning	kmms	1	No specific role
cunning	cmms	1	No specific role
cunningt	piecesofflare	1	Developer
cuog64	fusionedit	0	Developer
cuongh	concordedsp	1	Developer
cuongn	ci-linux	0	Tester
cuongn	ssic-linux	0	Tester
cuongnt	javaclient	0	Developer
cuongviet	utspas	0	No specific role
cuongviet	osucyber	1	No specific role
cuozzan1	mysql-ha	0	Tester
cuozzan1	linuxtipps	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cupdike	jython	0	Developer
cupertinomir	unidapt	0	Developer
cupertinomir	gcc-ici	1	Developer
cupiflo	massplayer	1	No specific role
cupodmac	kapaga	0	Developer
cupofjoe2k3	fantcharshoot	0	All-Hands Person
cupojava1	rr0	0	Doc Writer
cuppett	wmidb	1	No specific role
cupright	alphatcl	0	Developer
cupubboy	jcirc	1	No specific role
cupubboy	exuniverse	0	Developer
curaba	occn	1	Developer
curbera-oss	wsbpeltc	0	No specific role
curchulain	xawak	1	No specific role
curchulain	maloya	0	Developer
curchulain	gridpain	1	No specific role
curdin81	lectcomm	0	Developer
cure4pain	q2united	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
curealte	openprivacy-196	1	Project Manager
curedone	dicom-sharp	1	No specific role
curedone	dtm	1	No specific role
cures	piton	1	No specific role
cureshow	encriptador	1	No specific role
curimuri	trustidportal	0	Developer
curinga	apdata	0	Tester
curious-au	ed2k-tools	0	Developer
curious-au	idesk	0	Developer
curiousdannii	amoeba-wars	1	No specific role
curiousdannii	compassengine	1	Project Manager
curiousdannii	senator	1	Project Manager
curiousneko	dasl	0	No specific role
curk	jonax	1	No specific role
curl	clobberd-util	1	No specific role
curlie	lemfs	0	Developer
curlingcity	yanocc	1	No specific role
curlyankles	curlyankles	1	No specific role
curlyseb	macat	1	Developer
curlyx	webserviceedu	1	Tester
curmson	libdc1394	0	Developer
curne	beepcore-ruby	0	No specific role
curoles	jedit	0	Developer
curran	jyvis	1	No specific role
curriegrad2004	ranmacgen	1	No specific role
currios	antsimulator	1	No specific role
currys	bennet	1	No specific role
curseddragon	openwebbuilder	0	No specific role
cursoft	jexchangemail	1	Developer
cursorstar	cstar-dev	1	Project Manager
cursorstar	frac3d	1	No specific role
cursorstar	arcallians	1	Developer
cursorstar	mysticwidgets	0	Developer
cursorstar	xcas	1	Developer
cursorstar	wxexplorer	1	No specific role
cursorstar	wxdevcenter	1	Project Manager
cursorstar	wxcode	0	Developer
cursu	gate	0	Developer
curt	fgatd	1	Developer
curt	flightgear	1	Project Manager
curt	plib	0	Developer
curt	simgear	1	No specific role
curt	atlas	0	Developer
curt	cbb	0	Developer
curt504	eventservice	0	Developer
curtb	serious	0	No specific role
curtbrowne	eumv	1	Developer
curtcoder	magesrc	0	Developer
curtcoder	trollvm	1	Developer
curth	rubyinstaller	1	No specific role
curtis	openvault	1	No specific role
curtis8	dev-cpp	0	Support Manager
curtis8	vtodo	0	Developer
curtiscraig	abirom	0	Editorial/Content Writer
curtisdf	onlinebible	0	No specific role
curtisf14	errare	0	Developer
curtisg	libexif	1	No specific role
curtisimo	moblets	0	Developer
curtiskl	salesportal	1	Developer
curtisleefulton	fultron	1	No specific role
curtistee	coil	0	No specific role
curtisz	systemimager	0	Developer
curtjeeptr7	wargamer	0	Tester
curt_dulaney	linuxisns	0	Developer
curt_grymala	cagcms	1	No specific role
curt_grymala	dcevolution	1	Project Manager
curvepusher	xmlrpcstream	1	Developer
curvepusher	kioskcontrol	1	Developer
curvers	openglgame	1	No specific role
curzon	avagor	1	Project Manager
curzon	stammbaum	1	Developer
cuscus	braiter	1	No specific role
cuse	linuxsampler	1	Developer
cuse	scret	0	Developer
cuse	qsampler	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
cusgunx	vrnav	0	Developer
cushard	guido	1	All-Hands Person
cushard	codebank	0	No specific role
cushard	dbschema	0	No specific role
cushard	modinfo	1	No specific role
cusherber	upfromashes	0	Developer
cuspy	mysqlfs	1	Developer
cusser	ospora	0	Developer
cussgen	cussgen	1	No specific role
cussuol	phpbbmantis	0	Developer
cussuol	brazilfw	1	No specific role
custenje	stauto	1	No specific role
custom-cgi	custom-cgi	1	No specific role
custom-cms	c-portal	1	Developer
custom87	falconmail	0	Developer
customcms	c-portal	1	No specific role
customdesigned	pydns	0	Developer
customdesigned	pymilter	1	No specific role
customizegoogle	googlecustomize	1	No specific role
customlinux	hazenet	1	Web Designer
customlinux	neuworld	1	No specific role
customlinux	l337	1	No specific role
customlinux	tworld	1	No specific role
customlinux	csworld	1	All-Hands Person
customlinux	cservices	1	No specific role
customlinux	easycgi	1	No specific role
customlinux	osworld	1	Developer
custommonkey	mockobjects	1	All-Hands Person
custommonkey	xmlunit	1	No specific role
customsax	planetosx-audio	1	No specific role
custovera	fables	1	No specific role
cus_tom	networksimjava	0	No specific role
cutealien	aiplanet	0	No specific role
cutealien	anifast	1	No specific role
cutecoder	basa	1	No specific role
cutecoder	persplus	1	No specific role
cutecoder	buncis	1	Project Manager
cutecoder	cryptodemo	1	No specific role
cutecoder	rambutan	1	No specific role
cuteness	railpad	0	Tester
cutevixy	fbmuck	0	Developer
cutevixy	blockdropper	0	Tester
cuteyejun	phpstore	1	No specific role
cuteyejun	phpbiz	0	No specific role
cuthennies	openuss	0	Developer
cuthulhu	qbtex	1	Project Manager
cutiger93	asp-ent-man	0	Developer
cutlass	xqp	0	Developer
cutlerbc	bck	1	No specific role
cutlerbc	plutoengine	1	No specific role
cutlerbc	stripclub	1	No specific role
cutmat	udev	1	No specific role
cutruzzula	sfilehandler	1	No specific role
cutterbl	openbizservices	0	Developer
cuttermut	myjukebox	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
cuttersladetd	bluewar	1	Developer
cutter_brown	perl-itunes	1	No specific role
cutting	clucene	0	Developer
cutting	archive-access	0	Developer
cutting	lucene	1	Project Manager
cutting	nutch	1	All-Hands Person
cutting_blog	nutch	0	Content Management
cutty201	movieplanner	0	No specific role
cuttyjode	cs6725-prover	0	Developer
cutty_sark	jbrofuzz	0	Developer
cuu508	lvdict	0	Developer
cuucon	weblh	1	Unix Admin
cuvavu	metaspaceclient	1	No specific role
cuvavu	metaspaceserver	1	No specific role
cu_neal	pythagorus	1	No specific role
cv3k93	bute-gg-kinderg	0	Developer
cvagner	tapestry-bayeux	1	Developer
cvalente	xstream	1	No specific role
cvalente	enclean	1	No specific role
cvanest	nitroblaster	0	Developer
cvanhilten	keitaidata	0	All-Hands Person
cvanhilten	wurfl	0	Doc Writer
cvanka	datahaul	0	Developer
cvawter	nteam	0	Developer
cvbarlib	parcompmark	1	No specific role
cvbge	zidrav	1	Project Manager
cvcit	xims	0	Distributor/Promoter
cvd6262	insanelysimple2	1	No specific role
cvdhs	binbo	1	Project Manager
cvds_ro	phpdrone	1	No specific role
cvds_ro	hummbird	1	No specific role
cvdurgaprasad	gerpdb	0	Requirements Engineering
cvelde	focm	1	No specific role
cvelez	k-stor	1	No specific role
cvele_yu	kreator	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cvenutolo	ut-mod	0	Developer
cverbick	streamingmedia	1	Developer
cverdier	yag	1	No specific role
cverdon	ffdataanalytics	1	No specific role
cvergara	perceptum	0	Developer
cverhille	phpqcm	1	No specific role
cvesting	larrymessenger	0	Developer
cvestol	webmacroeditor	1	No specific role
cvetoslav	storemill	1	No specific role
cvetoslav	dolphinfileman	0	Developer
cvicente	netdot	1	No specific role
cvicksilva	patmus	1	No specific role
cviebrock	opensrs-php	1	Project Manager
cviebrock	phpwhois	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
cviebrock	phpadsnew	0	Developer
cviebrock	php-blog	0	Developer
cvill	dbdom	0	Analysis / Design
cvillanueva	wcpr	1	Developer
cvilsmeier	doc-cap	1	No specific role
cvincent	owl	1	No specific role
cvine	efax-gtk	1	No specific role
cvines	svn-pde-build	1	No specific role
cvines	ubml	1	No specific role
cvjb	roxwrap	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cvjb	win-bash	1	Developer
cvjones	apubdb	1	No specific role
cvk	opendsa	0	No specific role
cvn62	ga-nn	1	No specific role
cvogler	lua-users	0	Developer
cvogler	xine	0	Developer
cvollrath	gvtags	1	No specific role
cvolpato	winstb	0	No specific role
cvore	kapok	1	No specific role
cvore	sleep	1	No specific role
cvoxs	blobby	0	No specific role
cvr	sml	0	Developer
cvs-sync	egroupware	0	No specific role
cvsbox	cvsbox	1	No specific role
cvsmolle	emmp	0	Developer
cvstest	ffffffffff	1	No specific role
cvstest	eeeeeeeeee	1	No specific role
cvstest	dddddddddd	1	No specific role
cvstest	nnnnnnnnnn	1	No specific role
cvstest	oooooooooo	1	No specific role
cvstest	tttttttttt	1	No specific role
cvstest	vvvvvvvvvv	1	No specific role
cvstest	uuuuuuuuuu	1	No specific role
cvstest	mmmmmmmmmm	1	No specific role
cvstest	wwwwwwwwww	1	No specific role
cvstest	xxxxxxxxxx	1	No specific role
cvstest	yyyyyyyyyy	1	No specific role
cvstest	zzzzzzzzzz	1	No specific role
cvstest	pppppppppp	1	No specific role
cvstest	bbbbbbbbbb	1	No specific role
cvstest	aaaaaaaaaa	1	No specific role
cvstest	ssssssssss	1	No specific role
cvstest	kkkkkkkkkk	1	No specific role
cvstest	llllllllll	1	No specific role
cvstest	jjjjjjjjjj	1	No specific role
cvstest	rrrrrrrrrr	1	No specific role
cvstest	qqqqqqqqqq	1	No specific role
cvstest	cccccccccc	1	No specific role
cvstest	gggggggggg	1	No specific role
cvstest	hhhhhhhhhh	1	No specific role
cvstest	iiiiiiiiii	1	No specific role
cvstewart	vxl	0	No specific role
cvsubs	blackfoxom	0	Developer
cvswiz	authservlet	1	Project Manager
cvswiz	hmmsdk	1	Developer
cvswiz	cvsclient	1	No specific role
cvswiz	webstone	0	Developer
cvswiz	webblog	0	Developer
cvs_udayk	jdbv	0	No specific role
cvv_	alsa-eq-plugin	1	Developer
cvx	smsec	1	No specific role
cw217799	ou-cs442-542	0	Developer
cw3	cwcan	1	No specific role
cw3	hpterm	1	No specific role
cw7r	cellsim	0	Developer
cwa	jetrace	1	No specific role
cwagenius	groupsdirectory	1	No specific role
cwalden	supascripta	1	No specific role
cwalden	page-panel	1	No specific role
cwalesch	lisp-pp	1	No specific role
cwalkey	cuviewer	0	Developer
cwallace	krss	1	No specific role
cwallace	ktheme	1	No specific role
cwalstad	itremote	1	No specific role
cwalters	j2mememopad	1	No specific role
cwalther	gtktiemu	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
cwalther	pipmak	1	Developer
cwanstrath	swiftcms	1	Project Manager
cware	mopocon	1	No specific role
cwatana	mheg	0	Developer
cwatana	j2ee-slashcode	1	Developer
cwatman	borobudur	1	Developer
cwbinko	mtflashwiz	1	Developer
cwbinko	hylafax	0	Web Designer
cwbinko	ifax2hyla	1	No specific role
cwbinko	assemblyline	1	No specific role
cwbp	mdpw	1	No specific role
cwbrandon	modelwizard	0	Developer
cwbrandon	andromda	1	Developer
cwbrandon	andromdaplugins	1	Developer
cwbrandon	ocltf	1	No specific role
cwbuckle	vb6tophpmysql	1	No specific role
cwbudde	delphiasiovst	1	Developer
cwchan	ebmail	0	Developer
cwd-tech	gazie	0	Developer
cwdownie	ultimatefrisbee	0	Developer
cweaver	hmeapps	1	Project Manager
cweb	gagenes	1	No specific role
cweb	dreamdiary	1	No specific role
cweb	anides	1	No specific role
cweb	raggier	1	No specific role
cwebb	inkscape	0	Developer
cwebb95	rescue-mission	1	Developer
cwebber314	vim-twiki	0	No specific role
cwegrzyn	twistedstorage	1	No specific role
cwei01	erb	0	Developer
cweichel	pbfielddesigner	1	No specific role
cweichel	xtensiblecms	1	No specific role
cweimann	dansguardian	1	Developer
cweinholz	gphoto	0	Developer
cweisbrod	celestia	0	Developer
cweiske	jrisk	0	Developer
cweiske	powl	0	Developer
cweiske	freeguide-tv	0	Developer
cweiske	rdfapi-php	0	Developer
cwellock	sbw	1	Project Manager
cwellock	jdesigner	0	Developer
cwelp	atlantispbem	0	Developer
cwende	dresden-ocl	0	Developer
cwensel	carriergrade	1	No specific role
cwensel	carrierwave	1	No specific role
cwensel	jstress	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
cwensley	acidview6-win32	0	Developer
cwensley	pablodraw	1	Project Manager
cwernecke	nukewarmanager	1	No specific role
cwernecke	gmov	1	No specific role
cwerner	sitescooper	0	Developer
cwertman	phpnggpl	1	No specific role
cwest	poe	0	Developer
cwest	ppt	1	Project Manager
cwest	socialtext	0	No specific role
cweyl	meanwhile	0	Developer
cwg	exmh	0	No specific role
cwgcwg	vsr	0	No specific role
cwguenther	flowrider	1	Project Manager
cwguenther	promimport	1	No specific role
cwguenther	prom	1	No specific role
cwh100	mspace	1	Developer
cwhan	src-conv	1	No specific role
cwhii	emle	1	No specific role
cwhitener	www-salesforce	1	No specific role
cwhitmore	jedit	0	No specific role
cwhuang	gnugk	1	No specific role
cwhuang	pydict	0	No specific role
cwiakalski	wasserwelt	1	Project Manager
cwichmann	rojav	0	Support Technician
cwiel	gmod	0	No specific role
cwienands	mysqldotnet	1	No specific role
cwiiis	openzaurus	0	Developer
cwilkes	iptperl	1	No specific role
cwillmor	hrgl	1	No specific role
cwillu	videomon	1	Developer
cwilper	tripletest	1	No specific role
cwilper	trippi	1	Developer
cwilper	xquench	1	All-Hands Person
cwilper	proai	1	Developer
cwilper	mptstore	1	Developer
cwilper	rdqlplus	1	No specific role
cwilper	fedora-commons	1	No specific role
cwilper	bvalid	1	Developer
cwilso11	mingw	0	Developer
cwiltgen	everest	1	No specific role
cwinans	ywin-extralib	1	Project Manager
cwingert	tivo-mplayer	1	No specific role
cwingert	dvd-create	0	Developer
cwingram	dotnetopensrc	0	Developer
cwinkler95602	iscsi-mgmt-api	0	Developer
cwipapps	eximdsn	1	Project Manager
cwispy	cwispy	1	Project Manager
cwitt	hyperic-hq	1	Unix Admin
cwitte	misterhouse	0	Developer
cwittern	shanyou	1	No specific role
cwittich	reactos	0	Developer
cwittich	openanno	0	Developer
cwittmann	agilpro	1	Developer
cwjen	pkd	1	No specific role
cwjensen	whitedwarf	1	Project Manager
cwjensen	mediapipe	0	Developer
cwjohnson	foreigndesk	0	No specific role
cwkelley	osgps	1	Project Manager
cwkingsbury	n4bkms	1	Project Manager
cwma	mydevphp	1	No specific role
cwmcguire	lbscheduler	1	Developer
cwnannwn	opensong	0	Developer
cwoelk	websody	0	Developer
cwoester	qff	1	No specific role
cwolf	newsflash	1	Project Manager
cwolf	ijournal	0	Developer
cwolf2	aerorpg	1	No specific role
cwolk	comix	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cwolter	instantobjects	1	Project Manager
cwombat	sadgl	0	No specific role
cwong15	dita-ot	1	Developer
cwoodbury	sharpjukebox	1	All-Hands Person
cwoodbury	id3sharp	1	No specific role
cwoodward	jmon	1	No specific role
cwoolner	safsdev	0	Developer
cwoolner	nbem	0	Developer
cworth	tuxscreen	0	Developer
cwosborn	delta3d	0	Developer
cwosborn	libgf	0	Developer
cwosborn	replicantbody	0	No specific role
cwoyton	arsautomation	1	Project Manager
cwq	gyve	1	Project Manager
cwq200	polytopes	1	Project Manager
cwraig	wugoss	1	Developer
cwrapp	ebus	1	Project Manager
cwrapp	smc	1	Project Manager
cwreynolds	ai-standards	0	Developer
cwreynolds	opensteer	1	No specific role
cwright_21804	ytk	1	No specific role
cwrurob	cwruser	0	Developer
cwruwrestler	cwruser	0	Developer
cwryu	imonremote	1	Project Manager
cws-midd	harmoni	0	Developer
cws-midd	concerto	0	No specific role
cws-midd	segue	0	Developer
cws3	screenmunger	1	No specific role
cws3	pkix-admin	1	No specific role
cws3	pkix-cvs	1	No specific role
cws3	cvscommit	1	No specific role
cws3	clean	1	No specific role
cws3	accrete	1	No specific role
cwt137	k12addressbook	1	Project Manager
cwtlib	cwtlib	1	No specific role
cwtryon	centrallix	0	Developer
cwtryon	kardia	0	Developer
cwturner	itracker	0	Developer
cwulff	litetimetracker	1	No specific role
cwulff	systemdotnet	1	No specific role
cwulff	simplephpweb	1	No specific role
cwuollet	mat	1	Project Manager
cwydien	hailboards	1	No specific role
cwydien	mobcast	1	No specific role
cwydien	flavianboard	1	Developer
cw_krebs	dom4jb	1	Project Manager
cx00	p4ulm	0	Developer
cx409	cheesybb	1	Developer
cx42	ctab	1	No specific role
cx42	xmlphp	1	No specific role
cxbest	uced	0	No specific role
cxboard	cxboard	1	No specific role
cxd	doxwiki	1	Tester
cxdev	calendartechniq	1	Project Manager
cxer	kourl	1	Developer
cxh	galsc	0	Developer
cxh	nescc	0	Developer
cxin	textweaver	1	Project Manager
cxj3000	win-firewall	1	No specific role
cxj97c	siliconfodder	0	No specific role
cxmcxm	agos	1	No specific role
cxmcxm	agtoys	0	Developer
cxmcxm	agenda	1	No specific role
cxmcxm	agenda-snow	1	Developer
cxmcxm	mx7community	1	Project Manager
cxmcxm	pawz	1	No specific role
cxock	cundctex	1	No specific role
cxterm	ctex	0	Project Manager
cxtest	cxtest	1	Project Manager
cxwin32	mwe	0	Developer
cxwin32	wcs-jabe	0	Developer
cxzchen	bmpbuilder	1	No specific role
cy0	kernelbook	1	Developer
cy23	piwi	1	No specific role
cy23	octopusfw	1	Project Manager
cy23	anoninbox	1	Project Manager
cy83r574r	sxencrypt	1	Developer
cy83r574r	sasem	1	No specific role
cya	joomlabasque	1	No specific role
cya-paradox	coveryourasp	1	All-Hands Person
cyadavalli	testingj	1	No specific role
cyadavalli	cyslab	1	No specific role
cyamarin	sundog	0	Graphic/Other Designer
cyan	tcl-tlc	1	No specific role
cyan	tcl-idaemons	1	No specific role
cyan	pixel-tcl	1	No specific role
cyan	ucss	1	No specific role
cyaneo	zencart-german	1	Project Manager
cyang78	ast-cppsock	1	No specific role
cyangarden	openwriter	1	Developer
cyanhawk	econnector	1	Project Manager
cyanhawk	eric	0	No specific role
cyanide_nfs	pspir	1	No specific role
cyanne	valf	1	No specific role
cyanne	logengine	1	Developer
cyanshadow	tcsrpgbsdk	1	Project Manager
cyanshadow	spindemonia	1	Project Manager
cyansmoker	virtualservers	1	No specific role
cyansmoker	butterflycp	1	Project Manager
cyansmoker	forums	1	No specific role
cyantree	tikiwiki	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cyanux	qmame	1	No specific role
cyan_00391	jtutor	1	No specific role
cyan_ide	jeromedl	0	Developer
cyan_ide	jonto	0	No specific role
cyan_ide	foafrealm	0	Developer
cyan_ide	marcont	0	Developer
cyan_ide	hypercup	0	Developer
cyan_ide	didaskon	1	Support Manager
cyarvin	detail	1	No specific role
cyarvin	urbit	1	No specific role
cyasp	coveryourasp	1	Project Manager
cyb-hun	dcwatch	1	Developer
cyb0rg	zort	1	Developer
cyb0rg	zuul	1	Developer
cyb0rg	rizbot	0	Developer
cyb19	casapro	1	Developer
cyb3rllama	prota	0	Graphic/Other Designer
cyba	janosik	0	Developer
cybaea	associates	1	No specific role
cybaix	twv3d	1	No specific role
cyball	vgui	1	Developer
cybb20	lessonbuilder	0	Developer
cybb20	tcluno	0	Developer
cybb20	sfta	0	Developer
cybcode	iode	1	No specific role
cybdario	arpi	1	Project Manager
cybdev	lanadmin	0	Developer
cybdiver	tcpsql	1	Developer
cyber-drugs	ex-engine	0	Web Designer
cyber-menace	vetris	1	All-Hands Person
cyber123net	nivelamento	0	Tester
cyber126	wtemplate	1	No specific role
cyber4owl	zierp	0	Tester
cyber8net	cn-rayd8-player	1	No specific role
cyberadicto2048	fast-click	1	No specific role
cyberadicto2048	tanques	1	All-Hands Person
cyberalan	antiaway	1	No specific role
cyberalti	phpope	0	Developer
cyberax2195	gnuworldaddons	1	Developer
cyberax2195	securenet	1	No specific role
cyberaxe55	dc2-dev	1	No specific role
cyberaxe55	cybercorp	1	No specific role
cyberb	dbversion	1	Project Manager
cyberb	mdextractor	1	Developer
cyberb	jaco	1	No specific role
cyberb	jdocflow	1	Developer
cyberbill	legendsofkesmai	1	Developer
cyberbill4	openeduweb	0	Developer
cyberbob21	pokpokpoker	1	Developer
cyberbobb	feud	1	No specific role
cyberbobb	alchemywin	0	Developer
cyberbobb	allegrogl	0	Developer
cyberbobb	texttoonto	0	Developer
cyberboost	ephemeral	0	Developer
cyberbot-x	djrpg	1	User Interface (UI) Designer
cyberbrau	cyberbrau	1	No specific role
cybercerberus	vectors	1	Project Manager
cybercerberus	xito	0	Developer
cybercerberus	commons	1	Project Manager
cybercerberus	raft	1	No specific role
cybercerberus	napkinlaf	0	Developer
cyberchand	ngrid	0	Developer
cyberchand	lokad	0	Developer
cyberchrist57	errare	1	Developer
cybercoffee	vep	1	No specific role
cybercoffee	proxycat	1	Developer
cybercom	jtransform	0	Developer
cybercompros	cf-mail	1	No specific role
cybercorlin	qknowledge	1	Project Manager
cybercrow	multicast-comm	1	All-Hands Person
cybercrusader	lsop	0	Developer
cybercying	cyberwebform	1	No specific role
cybercying	agctf	1	No specific role
cybercyst	uninspiredsoft	1	No specific role
cybercyst	xrpg	1	Project Manager
cyberdancer	xrms	0	Developer
cyberdex	hopper	0	Unix Admin
cyberdiritto	cyberdiritto	1	Project Manager
cyberdon	aceacademy	1	No specific role
cyberdrek	fortic	0	Developer
cyberdrek	loghunter	1	No specific role
cyberdrek	hside	1	Unix Admin
cyberdrek	gulse	1	Unix Admin
cyberdrift	screenfull	0	Developer
cyberdude47	adsl4linux	1	Project Manager
cyberdyne	msfnord	1	Project Manager
cyberdyne	netconsole	1	No specific role
cyberdyne312	ahat	0	No specific role
cybereal	kxbbs	1	No specific role
cyberelf	auit	1	No specific role
cyberelf	nanoxml	1	No specific role
cyberfire	blitzmodeller	0	Developer
cyberfolli	rapidsitefw	0	Graphic/Other Designer
cyberfox	browserlaunch2	0	Developer
cyberfox	jbidwatcher	1	All-Hands Person
cyberfox	jnews	1	No specific role
cyberfox	dhtm	1	No specific role
cyberfox	arclib	1	No specific role
cyberfox	ltsa	0	Developer
cyberfox123	ultravnc	1	No specific role
cyberfoxx	cmfs	1	Project Manager
cyberfreak	clawlib	0	Developer
cyberfreaks	networktraffic	1	No specific role
cyberfred	miniframework	0	Tester
cyberfred	sitefactory	0	Tester
cyberfuzzie	cyberbb	1	Unix Admin
cybergarp777	debraudit	0	No specific role
cybergen	fett	1	No specific role
cybergenfr	ksetinux	1	No specific role
cybergeorge	wonderpets	1	No specific role
cyberghost636	redactionsystem	1	No specific role
cybergob	awc	1	No specific role
cybergrex	wpigdc-cms	0	Developer
cybergrex	unittactics	0	Developer
cyberguard	eecms	1	No specific role
cyberguest	dapplaylist	1	No specific role
cyberguide	exceptor	1	No specific role
cyberguru666	norzcubed	1	Developer
cyberhacker665	tor-gateway	1	No specific role
cyberhades	mplayer-br	0	Developer
cyberhiker	weasel32	0	Tester
cyberhorse	dotmods	0	Developer
cyberhorse	dotproject	0	Developer
cyberhorse	sphp	1	Project Manager
cyberhq	cubesoft	0	No specific role
cyberhq	freeciv4ppc	0	No specific role
cyberian	leetnuke	1	Project Manager
cyberian	phpdocu	0	Developer
cyberic	bernardo	1	No specific role
cyberic	gp32linux	0	Developer
cyberideaz	desks	1	No specific role
cyberjunkie1311	phpmyprofiler	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cyberkilla	cyberkilla	1	No specific role
cyberkiller	acemulator	1	No specific role
cyberklad	multiecosim	1	No specific role
cyberkm	streeeamer	1	No specific role
cyberko	myflippy	1	No specific role
cyberkoa	codeblocks	0	No specific role
cyberkost	rootsnns	1	Developer
cyberkov	openbio	1	No specific role
cyberkov	phpacms	1	Project Manager
cyberkruz	regwizard	1	Project Manager
cyberkruz	torrentvolve	1	Project Manager
cyberlab	cyberlab	1	No specific role
cyberlamp	recruitthem	1	No specific role
cyberlamp	officechatter	1	No specific role
cyberldg	basted	0	Web Designer
cyberleo	objectx	0	Unix Admin
cyberleo	downloady	1	Project Manager
cyberleo	protomuck	0	Doc Writer
cyberlizard	sfbol	1	No specific role
cyberlizard	wwcalc	1	No specific role
cyberlizard	findit	1	No specific role
cyberlok	serverdisk	1	Project Manager
cyberloon	nxt-python	1	No specific role
cyberloon	wgois	0	Developer
cyberlot	quantumstar	0	Developer
cyberlot	sqlitephpadmin	1	No specific role
cyberluk	elitecore	1	Project Manager
cyberlync	polar	1	No specific role
cyberlync	erlide	1	Project Manager
cyberlync	joxa	1	Project Manager
cyberlync	bedouin	0	No specific role
cyberlynx	verman	1	No specific role
cyberlynx	decnet	1	No specific role
cyberlynx	petel	1	No specific role
cyberlynx	medieval-europe	0	No specific role
cyberlynx	open-notebook	1	Project Manager
cyberlynx	canasta	1	Project Manager
cybermag	ctorrent	1	Web Designer
cybermagellan	projectpegasus	1	No specific role
cybermagi	blackrune	1	Developer
cybermanat	openfaktura	1	Project Manager
cybermans	cybersircbot	1	No specific role
cyberman_ff	q-gears	0	Developer
cybermedica	cybermedica	1	Project Manager
cybermike	petsoar	0	Developer
cybermike	jsptags	1	No specific role
cybermike	opensymphony	1	Project Manager
cybermind	phpua	0	Doc Writer
cybermind	finop	1	Developer
cybermind	qmm	1	Developer
cybermind	quala	1	No specific role
cybermind	logd	0	No specific role
cybermitra	yasus	1	No specific role
cybermoff	clanmecha	0	No specific role
cybermoff	clong	0	No specific role
cybermojo	ugene	0	Developer
cybermojo	foodfactory3d	1	Project Manager
cybermutt4	u4x	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
cybernet55	tetristahedron	1	Unix Admin
cyberneticist	dasher	0	No specific role
cybernetus	gtk-akount	1	No specific role
cybernet_1	simqubit	1	No specific role
cybernet_1	qplusplus	1	No specific role
cybernews	cybnews	1	No specific role
cybernga	mmediamanager	1	No specific role
cybernico	cdir	1	No specific role
cybernico	sageb	1	No specific role
cybernico	secoland	1	No specific role
cybernoid-atari	atari-jybolac	1	No specific role
cyberny	trafcalc	1	No specific role
cyberny	tcpbeholder	1	No specific role
cyberny	cylendar	1	No specific role
cyberodin	ichilli	1	No specific role
cyberodin	slick	1	No specific role
cyberodin	freenas	0	Developer
cyberpapy	stockchecker	0	No specific role
cyberpatriot	zbatchhelper	1	No specific role
cyberperez	aprematautor	1	No specific role
cyberperez	rnccada	1	No specific role
cyberpi	stellarlegacy	0	Developer
cyberpi	bzflag	0	Developer
cyberpig	codelinguine	1	No specific role
cyberpig	mda4j	1	No specific role
cyberpig	linguinemaps	1	No specific role
cyberpig	linguinewatch	1	No specific role
cyberplague	mod-torrent	0	No specific role
cyberpunk1971	phpmailing	1	No specific role
cyberpunk71	phpsyncml	1	Developer
cyberquiet	l3dfl	1	No specific role
cyberrcash	gunluk	0	Developer
cyberrobbe	freestyledust	0	Tester
cyberrobo	pdd	1	No specific role
cyberrobo	proftp	1	Developer
cybersaurabh	emacsterm	0	Web Designer
cybersaurabh	enveria	0	Developer
cybersaurabh	gamaos	0	Developer
cybersaurabh	computerbreaker	0	Tester
cybersaurabh	cosmopbx	0	Tester
cybersaurabh	openwebsuite	0	Tester
cybersaurabh	open-erp	0	Developer
cybersaurabh	nokialinux	0	Developer
cybersaurabh	h-inventory	0	Doc Writer
cybersaurabh	hacksim	0	All-Hands Person
cybersaurabh	indiareform	0	Developer
cybersaurabh	gfd	0	Web Designer
cybersaurabh	markad	0	Web Designer
cybersaurabh	itval	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
cybersaurabh	trainsimulator	0	Developer
cybersaurabh	tkcommander	0	Tester
cyberscan	spammerskewer	1	No specific role
cyberscan	spamfryer	1	Project Manager
cyberscribe	simpletags	1	No specific role
cyberscribe	simplequiz	1	No specific role
cyberscribe	dialogs	1	No specific role
cyberscript	cyberscripthp	1	No specific role
cyberscripting	cyberclanscript	1	No specific role
cyberslug	lanfilewatcher	0	Tester
cybersongs	sojourner	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
cybersongs	meddac	1	No specific role
cybersongs	boss	1	No specific role
cyberstorm	jscodee	0	No specific role
cyberstudio	kronos	1	No specific role
cyberswat	cfurlencrypt	1	All-Hands Person
cybersys	legacy2linux	1	No specific role
cybert	mergelog	1	No specific role
cybert	mod-tsunami	1	No specific role
cybertech	zabbler	1	Developer
cyberteche	my-batch-fwk	1	No specific role
cybertextguy	apachefs	0	Developer
cybertinus	easyphotoscript	1	No specific role
cybertinus	gfn-overlay	0	No specific role
cybertny	typetest	1	No specific role
cybertronix	qui4mplayer	1	No specific role
cyberux	visualxmail	1	Project Manager
cyberux	phpgenpasswd	1	No specific role
cybervvizz	openbs	1	No specific role
cyberwarriorx	yabause	1	Developer
cyberwarriorx	lapetus	1	No specific role
cyberwarriorx	desmume	1	Developer
cyberwlad	ftbot	1	No specific role
cyberwlad	address	1	No specific role
cyberworld	vlib4c	1	Developer
cyberworm	golibri	1	Developer
cyberwulf	projectphoenix	1	Graphic/Other Designer
cybery-studio	cybery-knows	1	No specific role
cyberz	libipm	1	No specific role
cyber_aeon	innotoolbar	1	No specific role
cyber_bird	targ	1	Unix Admin
cyber_chas	jkl	1	Project Manager
cyber_cop	ntst	0	Developer
cyber_dude	cssbb	1	No specific role
cyber_ghost	ghostlink	1	No specific role
cyber_jedi	thunderstrike	1	Developer
cyber_mage	openspacegame	0	Developer
cyber_modiko	fps-cerberus	1	No specific role
cyber_ninja_x	scarred-steel	1	Project Manager
cyber_ninja_x	umbc-va	1	No specific role
cyber_ninja_x	hgengine	0	No specific role
cyber_nitt	vocab-builder	1	No specific role
cyber_psion	phpproject	1	No specific role
cyber_yong	perlgrid	1	No specific role
cybi	emtea	1	Developer
cybi	jxforms	1	All-Hands Person
cybicool	times	1	No specific role
cybin	amber	1	No specific role
cybknight	mumble	0	Graphic/Other Designer
cyblix	tisgui	1	Developer
cybodelic	mopore-togo	0	No specific role
cybolic	gryphon	1	No specific role
cybolic	ceemedia	1	No specific role
cyboman	gvm	1	Developer
cyborch	rsqlserial	1	No specific role
cyborch	dbixx	1	Project Manager
cyboreal	ltolpc	1	No specific role
cyborg16	grouptag	1	No specific role
cyborg3k	macdc3	1	No specific role
cyborg527	wingrid	1	No specific role
cyborg994	nrpf	1	No specific role
cyborgas	xlil	1	Project Manager
cyborg_pratik	ssquared	1	No specific role
cybot	d2realm	0	Developer
cybot21	neve	0	Developer
cybot21	neveui	1	No specific role
cybott	kliblibrary	1	No specific role
cybot_tm	phpmyadmin	0	Developer
cybot_tm	phptimesheet	1	Project Manager
cybot_tm	phpdbobject	1	No specific role
cybot_tm	phpdatetime	1	No specific role
cybrcyfr	klientcontrols	1	No specific role
cybrey	tramitto	1	No specific role
cybrf	autoupdater	0	Developer
cybrpnkr	bartertown	1	No specific role
cybrshdw	systemoverride	0	Developer
cybuster_mkii	ibrpg	1	No specific role
cybux	lesp	0	Developer
cybye	logpat	1	Developer
cybz	madchat	0	Developer
cycchou	mobilec	0	No specific role
cychiou	javanetlib	1	Project Manager
cyclatron	captainnmea	1	No specific role
cycle	robotrader	0	Developer
cycles	nebulacraft	0	No specific role
cyclo	qt-to-keybinder	1	No specific role
cyclometh	renegade	1	No specific role
cyclometh	proximal	1	No specific role
cyclon84	ldm	1	No specific role
cyclonehuang	pilot	0	No specific role
cyclonurb	uceditor	1	No specific role
cyclops_bits	auxel	1	No specific role
cycloptivity	tsmproject	1	Developer
cyco242	ugateway	1	Developer
cycomate	quarantine	1	Developer
cycon	cogengine	1	All-Hands Person
cycosick	ircleech	0	Developer
cycozen	xprc	1	No specific role
cycozen	storytime	1	No specific role
cycyx	xawdecode	0	Developer
cydergoth	jvmdicover	1	No specific role
cydergoth	spca50x	1	All-Hands Person
cydeswype	yasl	1	No specific role
cydeweys	pywikipediabot	0	No specific role
cydside	devpaks	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
cydust	lprs	1	No specific role
cydust	mentalunix	1	Developer
cydust	ircopoly	1	No specific role
cyeh	harvey	1	No specific role
cyeljon	time-cop	0	No specific role
cyellig	openmmorpg	1	Project Manager
cyent	freude	1	No specific role
cyent	dependensaw	1	No specific role
cyeo	allcommerce	0	Developer
cyeo	project-sales	0	Developer
cyeoh	freestandards	0	Developer
cyeoh	tdb	1	No specific role
cyeoh	lsb	0	Developer
cyeoh	tetribot	1	Developer
cyeung	magelan	0	Developer
cyface	conmaster	1	Project Manager
cyfer	molee	1	No specific role
cyfex	lindex-retrieve	1	No specific role
cyganiak	statcvs	1	Developer
cyganiak	d2rq-map	1	Unix Admin
cyganiak	dbpedia	0	Developer
cyganiak	jena	0	Developer
cyganiak	ng4j	1	Unix Admin
cyganiak	angie	1	No specific role
cyganiak	rdfapi-php	1	Developer
cygge	rrdwrap	0	Developer
cygnus	scribia	0	Developer
cygnus2936	pyflickrbrowser	1	No specific role
cygnus78	peru	1	No specific role
cygnus78	snaketray	1	No specific role
cygnus78	brainblast	1	No specific role
cygnusd	perlsmpp	1	No specific role
cygnusx5	hydrabackup	1	No specific role
cygnuz	sightripple	0	No specific role
cygon	ceguisharp	0	Developer
cygon	visixgl	1	No specific role
cygwinsocks	cygwinsocks2	1	No specific role
cyhcynthia	jalse	0	No specific role
cyijie	visualip	1	Project Manager
cyilmaz	revo-forum	0	Developer
cying	sendmail-milter	1	No specific role
cyke64	pdis-miso	1	No specific role
cyke64	pyed	1	No specific role
cykim	naio	1	Developer
cyklo	madchat	0	Developer
cylab	stratagemengine	0	Developer
cylab	jfcml	0	Developer
cylab	oneclick	0	Developer
cylab	xith3d	0	Developer
cylab	xith-tk	0	Developer
cylentwolf	autorealm	0	Developer
cyleriggs	openrisk	1	No specific role
cyleriggs1	xmms2webjuke	1	No specific role
cyliss	myalbum	1	Developer
cylwj	seiko	1	No specific role
cymon79	eggmud	1	No specific role
cymonk	cyrapid	1	Developer
cymric_npg	macad	1	Project Manager
cymru2000	freecast	1	No specific role
cyn-nara	phpmaxbb	0	Web Designer
cyn-nara	adk	0	Web Designer
cynap	clanpage	0	Developer
cynbe	muq	1	No specific role
cynbe	smlnj	0	Developer
cyncynat	jawp	1	Developer
cyndis	redturnip	1	No specific role
cynepkot	sc-icq	1	No specific role
cyner	kthtimetable	1	No specific role
cyner	audjay	1	No specific role
cynew	umlstatewizard	0	Developer
cynewulf	ixicl	1	All-Hands Person
cyng	ebxmlms	1	Developer
cynga	whurle	0	Developer
cynic	openchess	0	Doc Writer
cynicalcoffee	spms	0	Doc Writer
cynicalrat	sageforge	0	No specific role
cynicz	phlxr	1	No specific role
cynik	inkubator	1	Project Manager
cynik	coveryourasp	1	All-Hands Person
cynips	mx-database	0	Tester
cynister	gtivo	0	Tester
cynite	newos	0	No specific role
cynovg	awcb	1	No specific role
cynthia	encore	0	No specific role
cynthiasistemas	s-c-b	1	Developer
cyntron2002	sonomap	0	Developer
cyocum	camelchess	1	No specific role
cyotic	spaceorama	1	No specific role
cyotic	stummies	1	Developer
cyotic	viengine	1	No specific role
cyourch	noteman	1	No specific role
cypax	pin-em-up	1	No specific role
cyph	sdfmud	0	No specific role
cyphactor	oam-player	1	No specific role
cyphactor	einstein-player	1	No specific role
cyphactor	cyberpower320d	1	No specific role
cyphactor	zsrep	1	Developer
cyphencc	redwall	1	Unix Admin
cypheon	volitio	1	No specific role
cypher	openmpeg	1	No specific role
cypher	avifile	1	No specific role
cypher-sdg	buybizcart	1	No specific role
cypher543	cerberus-os	1	No specific role
cypher543	radiumphp	1	No specific role
cypher543	surge	1	No specific role
cypher543	fasmstudio	1	No specific role
cypher87	wcmdkb	1	No specific role
cypherbios	aptoncd	1	No specific role
cypherfox	gpkcs11	1	Project Manager
cypherlh	universe	0	Tester
cypherpunk	websecure4linux	1	No specific role
cypherpunk	percy	1	No specific role
cypherpunk	otr	1	Developer
cyphertech	smh	1	No specific role
cypherx	yasper	1	No specific role
cypherx	hyrax	1	No specific role
cypherx	tiamat	1	No specific role
cypherx	ai-world	0	No specific role
cypherx	delegado	1	No specific role
cypherxero	fuser	1	No specific role
cypherxero	portablephoenix	1	No specific role
cyphon	mp3rnm	1	No specific role
cyplm	jstm	1	No specific role
cyplo	devoid	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
cyplo	cyplib	1	Project Manager
cyplo	cypos	1	Project Manager
cypreess	xim	1	All-Hands Person
cypromis	ispman	0	Requirements Engineering
cyprus2k1	vython	1	No specific role
cyprusllama	javatwg	1	No specific role
cyq	vcme	1	No specific role
cyqotiq	publex	1	No specific role
cyque	dashpc	0	All-Hands Person
cyr	elmp-tng	1	No specific role
cyr2242	uqueue	1	Project Manager
cyraid	raidge	1	No specific role
cyrax	netmapper	1	No specific role
cyrax	pkaudit	1	No specific role
cyrax	hjksuite	1	No specific role
cyrax-vv	fdlfn	1	No specific role
cyraxer	invisiongaming	1	Analysis / Design
cyraxx	gshop	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cyrenity	cyrenity	1	No specific role
cyrenity	nukext	1	No specific role
cyreve	inkscape	0	Developer
cyrex2001	stullemule	0	No specific role
cyrex2001	emulefuture	0	Developer
cyric	dsdevguild	0	Developer
cyric100	uglycode	0	Developer
cyril2net	navphp	1	No specific role
cyrilb	ctk-ulimitw	1	No specific role
cyrilb	ctk-loadmax	1	No specific role
cyrilb	ctk-cgi-chkurl	1	No specific role
cyrilb	ctk-dns-chroot	1	No specific role
cyrilb	snmpwatch	1	Project Manager
cyrilbarbato	xanimtcl	1	No specific role
cyrilbarbato	ride-gaming	0	Developer
cyrilbarbato	mplayertcl	1	No specific role
cyrilbarbato	kitxml	1	No specific role
cyrilbuttay	wikipdf	1	Developer
cyrilferaudet	phpeximadmin	1	No specific role
cyrilgodart	ximol	0	Developer
cyrille37	cglogviewer	1	No specific role
cyrill_grk	clostamp	1	No specific role
cyrill_grk	xonclock	1	No specific role
cyrill_grk	snox	1	No specific role
cyrilm	crashecho	0	Developer
cyrilm	jamlib	0	Developer
cyrilm	qico	1	Project Manager
cyrilmalka	foxilist	1	No specific role
cyrilsochor	diglib	0	Tester
cyril_cc	phpwebmaster	1	No specific role
cyril_cc	webbasket	0	Developer
cyril_cc	freetvrecorder	1	Developer
cyrta	care2002	0	Developer
cyrus0824	avrmegatools	1	Developer
cyrus47	sbmessenger	0	Developer
cyrusm	kapaga	0	Developer
cyruss	phpmysqlformgen	1	Developer
cyr_sf	wop-gamecode	0	No specific role
cyr_sf	wop-engine	0	Developer
cysgod	wordpress-pg	1	No specific role
cysk	stickybeak	0	Developer
cysoft	projectfish	1	No specific role
cysonic	hmailserver	0	Developer
cysonic	jpolls	0	Developer
cyt0plas	pnxmlrpc	1	No specific role
cyt0plas	qcfs	1	No specific role
cyt0plas	techwar	1	All-Hands Person
cyt0plas	cleanqw	1	No specific role
cytenic	mixemu	1	No specific role
cyth	hrmroster	1	All-Hands Person
cytom	sectofava	0	Developer
cytoman	jtreeview	0	Developer
cytrion	shishya	1	No specific role
cyu	jhome	0	No specific role
cyu	jedit	0	No specific role
cyu	java-analyzer	1	No specific role
cyu	troublescope	1	No specific role
cyung	dimension3	0	Developer
cyuonut	jackit	1	Web Designer
cyx	scummvm	0	Developer
cyx	cine	0	Developer
cyx	amptimes	1	Project Manager
cyye	superstar	1	Project Manager
cyyu	v-g-l	1	All-Hands Person
cyzcn	gftpfs	1	No specific role
cyzsuraj	ff-bash	1	No specific role
cyzsuraj	ontext	1	Project Manager
cy_	glimpsegator	1	No specific role
cz-plamen	amsn	0	Developer
cz8s	topvorbis	1	Project Manager
czaar	mexxenger	0	Developer
czacek	javagorillas	1	No specific role
czaffari	zige	1	Developer
czahn	elphel	0	Developer
czaju	czajernia	0	Web Designer
czak	cw-driver	1	Developer
czakalw3	redqeen	0	No specific role
czakol	betacomp	0	Developer
czarandy	phpnode	1	No specific role
czarek-aurox	aurox-updater	1	No specific role
czarek-aurox	live-installer	1	No specific role
czarek-aurox	extras-explorer	1	No specific role
czarek_r	lcslib	1	No specific role
czarneckid	akismet-java	1	No specific role
czarneckid	simpytools	0	Developer
czarneckid	sandler	0	Developer
czarneckid	blojsom	1	Project Manager
czarneckid	delicious-java	1	No specific role
czarneckid	textamerica4j	1	No specific role
czarneckid	impromptu	0	Developer
czarodziej	freedomos	1	Project Manager
czarusk	getk	1	Developer
czastkie	chomik	0	No specific role
czawadka	odars	0	Developer
czb83	megatunix	0	Developer
czcionka	czcionka	1	No specific role
czeh	jcwebcalendar	1	No specific role
czeh	jfetcher	1	No specific role
czejgis	milva	1	No specific role
czejgis	farum	1	No specific role
czelenak	scriptface	1	No specific role
czeppi	mines-perfect	1	No specific role
czeresthra	worlds	1	Developer
czero	graphcalc	1	No specific role
czeryna	virtman	1	No specific role
czeslaw_1	test-manager	0	Developer
czester	ballamigos	0	No specific role
czester	graphflow	0	No specific role
czgnp	atacc	1	Developer
czhower	freeclx	1	Project Manager
czhower	ftpvcs	0	Developer
czhower	internetdirect	1	Project Manager
cziegeler	osoco	1	Developer
czimman	distcache	0	Developer
czinkos	jhunlang	0	No specific role
czinzilieta	systemimager	0	Developer
czi_joe	wfsp	1	Developer
czmok	chan-sccp	1	Developer
czoccolo	pisareliabletk	1	Project Manager
czodro	pdb2pqr	0	Developer
czoffoli	jpackage	1	All-Hands Person
czonsius	conesys	0	No specific role
czonsius	zzoss	1	Project Manager
czonsius	zzossinstaller	1	Project Manager
czonsius	xsltkit	0	Developer
czonsius	oc4-ware	1	Developer
czonsius	oc4ware	1	Project Manager
czsiberian	subtitleproc	1	No specific role
czsiberian	rwkeymaster	1	No specific role
czsmith	cmsfaethon	1	Developer
czubin	watchloader	1	Project Manager
czuczu	javpax	1	Developer
czuczu	apii-ugen	0	Developer
czurnieden	dciwam-html-ref	0	No specific role
czww	czww	1	No specific role
czytom	trafficstatd	1	No specific role
czytom	rrdstat	1	No specific role
czytom	psotnik	1	No specific role
czyweck	reglerbot	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
cz_dag	smartdcpp	1	No specific role
cz_mill	sharpconnect	1	Project Manager
c_albert	bulmages	0	Developer
c_anargyrou	jtet	1	No specific role
c_anargyrou	fontviewer	1	No specific role
c_anindya	kripper	1	Developer
c_aumann	entren	1	No specific role
c_baudson	mapbender	1	Developer
c_becker	regenbogengrau	0	Doc Writer
c_becker	jccajcc	0	Doc Writer
c_benden	fgram	0	Developer
c_benden	consuma	1	No specific role
c_boehm	daisoccer	0	Developer
c_bottelier	knxserver	1	No specific role
c_bottelier	a340gc	0	Developer
c_buerger	compostfrwork	1	Developer
c_b_g	k7z	1	No specific role
c_b_g	quamachi	1	No specific role
c_dalgaard	yabb	0	Developer
c_delgado-codes	focus-algorithm	1	No specific role
c_dyer	dasync	1	No specific role
c_ebeling	openbd	1	No specific role
c_eclipse	muah	0	Developer
c_elkjaer	libifp-cil	1	No specific role
c_e_d	dbpics	1	No specific role
c_fernandez	pypulsar	1	No specific role
c_fleming	civs-generative	1	No specific role
c_fontani	softogl	0	No specific role
c_froehlich	semantag	1	Developer
c_froehlich	tm4j	1	Developer
c_froehlich	db12	1	No specific role
c_gardner	gridplan	0	Developer
c_guy	cpplib	1	No specific role
c_hagerman	signaturebot	1	No specific role
c_halbach	flashloc	1	No specific role
c_hannibal	windev-stock	1	Developer
c_hansen	emancipation	1	Project Manager
c_heyner	centraview-eu	1	Project Manager
c_hollmann	students-52n	0	Developer
c_horton	delphiasiovst	0	Developer
c_huetter	fitt	1	No specific role
c_huetter	timecd	1	No specific role
c_j	oge	0	Developer
c_j	realismx-engine	1	No specific role
c_kender	studentgrades	1	DBA (Database Administrator)
c_kessler	sim-dl	0	Developer
c_kindahl	infrarecorder	1	No specific role
c_kindahl	winlibre	0	Developer
c_kohler	mfbox	0	Developer
c_leary	influsim	0	No specific role
c_leary	explorator	0	No specific role
c_lee	gnudatalanguage	0	Developer
c_limsowan	embient	1	No specific role
c_limsowan	skipperbot	1	Developer
c_lindholm	mosta	1	Project Manager
c_lo	j2megamingbook	0	Graphic/Other Designer
c_lyon	cmac	1	No specific role
c_m	qbhed	1	No specific role
c_mackenzie	oracle-apex	0	Developer
c_may	lportal	0	Developer
c_mayr	prgprakt	1	No specific role
c_mayr	prg0phone	1	Developer
c_menezes	alexdresslerrr	1	Developer
c_mike	glslmc	0	Support Manager
c_mitran	icalendar4j	1	No specific role
c_monkey	texniccenter	0	Developer
c_monty	oucc	0	Developer
c_n_b	dnetc	1	Distributor/Promoter
c_oflynn	winavr	0	Tester
c_oflynn	lubloader	1	No specific role
c_oflynn	avarice	0	No specific role
c_olin3404	narcotik	1	No specific role
c_olin3404	cengine	1	No specific role
c_olin3404	simulus-engine	0	Developer
c_oppermann	jconquest	0	Developer
c_osmo_99	relastra	0	Graphic/Other Designer
c_osmo_99	prep	0	Developer
c_osmo_99	libspider	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
c_o_monet	monetdb	0	No specific role
c_pramodreddy	thinkingcap	0	Developer
c_r_chapman	xmlwrapper	1	No specific role
c_savant	wisp-mss	1	Developer
c_schinzer	jdocman	0	Developer
c_schinzer	medref	1	No specific role
c_schlehuber	vista-officeehr	1	Project Manager
c_schmitz	moodle	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
c_schmitz	synedit	0	Developer
c_schmitz	limesurvey	1	No specific role
c_schmitz	lddp	1	Project Manager
c_schmitz	phpsurveyor	1	Support Manager
c_schmoll	netmate-meter	0	Developer
c_solutions	mediadesk	1	No specific role
c_spaeth	tn3270utils	1	No specific role
c_spaeth	palmvoc	0	Developer
c_spaeth	jhal	1	No specific role
c_steinmann	frustum	1	No specific role
c_s_s_butler	ngsmtp	1	No specific role
c_s_s_butler	commercialdive	1	No specific role
c_w	odomp	1	No specific role
c_wallace	flylegacy	0	Developer
c_wilhelm	vspms	1	Developer
c_wraith	gretel	1	All-Hands Person
c_y_b_e_r	blitznet	0	Graphic/Other Designer
d-0	mylamp	1	Project Manager
d-arkangel	freenet	0	Developer
d-bomb	myko	0	No specific role
d-bot	dvoc	1	No specific role
d-bot	drumm	1	No specific role
d-brenner	develstat	1	Project Manager
d-campbell	flipper	1	No specific role
d-campbell	flippoll	1	Developer
d-duff	deduced	1	No specific role
d-duff	uic	0	Developer
d-evil84	opentrainsim	0	No specific role
d-farrell2	tahoe	0	Developer
d-fence-242	evtreader	1	No specific role
d-fence-242	fccu-docprop	1	No specific role
d-fex	uh-gdv	0	No specific role
d-fiant	drakecms	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
d-force-dh	securize	1	No specific role
d-harrison	chategory	0	Developer
d-i-g	dup-locator	1	No specific role
d-marc	pt-framework	1	Developer
d-morgan	tmtagger	1	No specific role
d-nkt	workstyle-py	0	Developer
d-o-s	groupsuite	1	Project Manager
d-orban	nlpy	1	Developer
d-rizzle	openeats	0	DBA (Database Administrator)
d-rizzle	visimodel	1	Project Manager
d-roc	palmbibleplus	0	Web Designer
d-rock	py-iso8211	1	No specific role
d-rothe	md9781-manager	0	Developer
d-schulz	gpon	1	No specific role
d-sturm	lightmix	1	Developer
d-vid	mailboxkeeper	1	No specific role
d-xiansheng	notsofancy	1	No specific role
d-xiansheng	feidian	1	No specific role
d-za	bxmodeller	0	Tester
d-_-b	omegaspider	1	Project Manager
d00-jni	threespace	1	Project Manager
d00bl	softprosim	1	No specific role
d00bl	safestate	1	No specific role
d00dydave	tanfrag	0	Graphic/Other Designer
d00m3d	olive-os	0	Developer
d00mas	cpp-gpengine	1	Project Manager
d00rmaus	phpmuse	1	No specific role
d00yt	reqsimile	0	Developer
d034058	neogenesis	1	No specific role
d04jad	spots	1	No specific role
d06	nahe	1	Developer
d07ngr	samson	1	All-Hands Person
d0a0v0e0	asis-dicom	0	No specific role
d0b667	kobelisk	0	Developer
d0c54v4g3	bitmagnet	1	No specific role
d0c54v4g3	rufus	1	Project Manager
d0ccrazy	usedit	1	Project Manager
d0ccrazy	btsearch	0	Developer
d0ct0r	webweather	1	All-Hands Person
d0d0	wiredmail	1	No specific role
d0d0	darkmod	1	No specific role
d0d0	meskalin	1	No specific role
d0diro	btbot	1	Developer
d0gg	aksum	1	Project Manager
d0lph3r	botbox	1	No specific role
d0m1x	quexol	1	No specific role
d0m1x	sibote	0	Developer
d0mills	uscvprogs	1	Unix Admin
d0mills	myffl	1	No specific role
d0mix	itracker	0	Developer
d0p3y	blokken	0	Developer
d0rflo	chattoconnect	1	No specific role
d0rkette4furc	furc	0	No specific role
d0sdude	jaaim	1	No specific role
d0ublej0	comvironment	0	Developer
d0x	bingo	1	Developer
d11wtq	swiftmailer	1	No specific role
d11wtq	phpmyajax	1	No specific role
d11wtq	phpfakesmtp	1	No specific role
d1223m	knowledgemap	0	Developer
d1223m	wide	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
d13	pure-data	0	Developer
d18c7db	ivtv	0	Editorial/Content Writer
d1968	ikev2	1	Project Manager
d1angel	malib	0	Doc Writer
d1lbert	p3emu	0	Developer
d1mag	owfs	1	Developer
d1mag	nslu	0	Developer
d1s0rder	plumbworkorange	0	No specific role
d1sc0rd	kwebengine	1	No specific role
d1sfunct	lawless	0	Developer
d1sfunct	warhol	0	Developer
d1sfunct	dmca	0	Developer
d1uluv2h8	freefirewall	0	Developer
d1zz	reservesport	0	No specific role
d2207197	pcmanx	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
d242	ntfs-3g	0	Unix Admin
d2az	judp	1	No specific role
d2clannet	d2clan	1	No specific role
d2clon	jaggiblog	1	No specific role
d2m	iem	0	Developer
d2o	u-p2p	1	All-Hands Person
d2r	google-taglib	0	Developer
d2uhlman	freeb2	1	No specific role
d2uhlman	sureinvoice	1	No specific role
d2uhlman	chlcare	0	Developer
d2uhlman	clearhealth	1	No specific role
d2uhlman	xrms	0	Developer
d2x-xl	d2x-xl	1	Developer
d32768	osmk	0	Requirements Engineering
d33733t	aios4win	1	No specific role
d33p4k	ginf	1	No specific role
d33p_	freeframe	0	Developer
d33p_	fisimula	0	Developer
d34df00d	leechcraft	1	Developer
d34df00d	cppdistributed	1	No specific role
d3adl0k	speakerdaemon	1	No specific role
d3bjorn	gatespace	1	Developer
d3c4n	robotks	1	No specific role
d3ck0	bnw	0	Graphic/Other Designer
d3ck4rd	pkaudit	0	Developer
d3cline	yacr	1	Project Manager
d3cline	idiot	1	No specific role
d3eministry	d3captcha	1	No specific role
d3fault_dot_xbe	ch2r	0	Doc Writer
d3fr4g	peephole	1	Project Manager
d3jake	descent4	1	Project Manager
d3m0n1q_733rz	drvspace-decomp	1	No specific role
d3m1g0d	yawps	1	All-Hands Person
d3nnisr	timespan	0	Developer
d3ntaku	jgram	1	No specific role
d3p	opencv-p5	1	Developer
d3p	gestalt-project	1	Developer
d3r3kk	g15daemon	0	Developer
d3s4str3	pyamazon4	1	No specific role
d3s7	batchccews	1	Developer
d3scr1pt0r	d3scr3act0r	1	No specific role
d3sign	shoutboxv2	1	No specific role
d3sp0t	gpgfe	1	No specific role
d3th_n1gg4	bdb-kathir	1	No specific role
d3us	stdchat	0	No specific role
d3us_z1pm4n	baka-bean	1	No specific role
d3vi1	graphic-calc	1	No specific role
d3x0r	dekware	1	No specific role
d3x0r	sack	1	No specific role
d3xter	securecgi	1	No specific role
d3xter	henplus	0	Developer
d3xter	ldapnstools	1	Project Manager
d3z	x-gdk	0	Developer
d43m05	mangu	1	Developer
d4b0rg	dkbf	1	No specific role
d4c_nicholas	php-xite	0	Developer
d4d2000	jwebmanager	0	Developer
d4ljoyn	commonplace	1	No specific role
d4m4g3_c453	bfrt	1	No specific role
d4mi3n_	latens	1	No specific role
d4n1l0d	centaurusx	1	No specific role
d4n4	parliament	1	No specific role
d4ng3r	runie	1	No specific role
d4r3b4k	bpmdetect	1	No specific role
d4rk0	turbomo	0	Web Designer
d4rkc00der	web-billing	1	No specific role
d4rkir0n	x539	1	No specific role
d4rkir0n	quarkwm	1	No specific role
d4rkl4dyvxk	antimalware	1	No specific role
d4rkn3ss	infern0	0	Developer
d4rksh3ll	azuxconf	1	No specific role
d4rksky	kameleon	0	Developer
d4rksorrow	e-dod	0	Developer
d4rky-pl	rpgc0re	1	No specific role
d4rw1n	ftxml	1	No specific role
d4v	ifstat	1	No specific role
d4v1dd	srtool	1	No specific role
d4v1dxz	people	1	No specific role
d669	aimsniff	0	Graphic/Other Designer
d6y	jknit	1	No specific role
d6y	punch	1	No specific role
d70er2	mote	0	Editorial/Content Writer
d70rh1	sd-vsnetplugin	1	No specific role
d72e4d	bacon-games	1	Developer
d7k	bioclipse	0	Developer
d7k	esearch	1	Developer
d7o3g4q	xbmc	0	Developer
d7o3g4q	xboxmediacenter	0	Developer
d7o3g4q	xbplayer	1	Project Manager
d7o3g4q	tyshow	1	No specific role
d85203	jgraph	0	Developer
d8uv	igram	0	Developer
d90bn4	bacon-games	1	Developer
d92ulg	timetrix	0	Developer
d95fred	lback	1	No specific role
d95lue	xtree-dotnet	1	No specific role
d95mbo	game4j	1	No specific role
d96jonas	jtaxi	0	Developer
d96knut	emfsearch	1	Project Manager
d96knut	byecycle	0	Developer
d96knut	mockmaker	0	Developer
d96san	vwe	0	No specific role
d98thand	janalyzer	0	Developer
d98tl	safestate	0	Developer
d98_ama	thefreepim	0	Developer
d99fish	skysurfers	1	No specific role
d99kg	skattjakt	1	Developer
d99kris	skattjakt	1	Developer
d99manne	skattjakt	1	Developer
d99papa	mac	0	Developer
d99thom	skattjakt	1	Developer
da-alex	java2dform	1	No specific role
da-alex	ibmss	1	No specific role
da-alex	pedagoschool	1	No specific role
da-o	childrenofanger	1	Developer
da-o	russianportals	1	No specific role
da-rodr1	redbaron-mobile	1	Developer
da-x	colinux	1	Project Manager
da-x	jinais	1	Project Manager
da-x	xpybind	1	No specific role
da00aln	waimea	0	Developer
da2	spamproofwiki	0	No specific role
da211	ethernut	0	Developer
da3mon	torr3n7	0	Developer
da3monfoe	feralflesh	1	Developer
da404lewzer	songnow	1	No specific role
da8	openwwtp	0	Developer
da8	bodyofmethods	0	Developer
da9a	qvt-java	0	Developer
daaf	daafsirc	1	No specific role
daaf	jatc	1	No specific role
daames	smtpshellclt	1	No specific role
daan666	peeranha42	0	All-Hands Person
daanen	stars	0	No specific role
daanvbaal	posadisconf	1	No specific role
daan_v	hedgefield	1	Developer
daaray	educommons	1	Developer
daaray	ols-usu	0	Developer
daarvish	mkfire	1	No specific role
daarvish	kickme	1	Developer
daarvish	sarface	1	No specific role
daar_is_neok	office-suite	0	Distributor/Promoter
daaugusto	gaffitter	1	No specific role
dab31	dlportal	0	Developer
dabaenziger	xtoto	0	Developer
dabas	quickee	0	No specific role
dabase	calzoneremix	1	No specific role
dabase	openmediacrm	1	No specific role
dabase	pn-unit	1	No specific role
dabase	pn-commerce	1	Project Manager
dabatcavemaster	xenophobe	1	No specific role
dabatcavemaster	mbtools	1	Developer
dabates	accelerator-ml	0	Developer
dabb	anticheat	1	No specific role
dabb	ccd	1	No specific role
dabbith	virtualdatalink	0	Developer
dabder	genwork	1	No specific role
dabearsf	vigo	0	Developer
dabeave	iwar	1	No specific role
daben	psnmp	0	Developer
dabenben	zdoss	0	Project Manager
daberelay	punchclock	1	No specific role
daberti	gimp-print	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
dabido	cor4	0	Developer
dabion	claymore	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dabion	unittactics	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dabion	wpigdc-cms	1	Project Manager
dabion	wpi-gdc	1	All-Hands Person
dabittweiler	tarsier	1	No specific role
dablue	javamud	0	Developer
dabo	dciwam-html-ref	0	No specific role
dabomstew	nickforii	1	No specific role
dabondi	gadmin	1	No specific role
daboo	progear	0	Developer
dabooty	amun	1	No specific role
dabooty	ninjaacademy	0	Developer
daborg2004	portplaylistgen	1	No specific role
dabowles	javaossimulator	1	No specific role
daboy	picolinux	1	No specific role
daboy	uuu	0	No specific role
daboyz	dbxoops	1	No specific role
dabreegster	perlrl	1	Project Manager
dabright	podwiki	0	Developer
dabright	twikiplugins	0	Developer
dabright	tikiwiki	0	Developer
dabright	lifelines	0	No specific role
dabringer	poco	1	Developer
dabroke	modulo	1	Developer
dabruce	kfilm	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
dabryan	stun	0	Developer
dabryan	sipimp	0	Developer
dabryan	resiprocate	0	Developer
dabucodonosor	skema	1	Developer
dabur	abuseemail	0	Developer
dabutcher	vaerdata	1	No specific role
dabuum	pasamuf	0	Developer
dabuzogzog	bloodybeard	0	Developer
dabyd	materialsuoc	1	Developer
daca	netbotwars	0	Developer
dacan	jumanji	0	Developer
dacap	cce	1	Developer
dacap	htmlex	1	No specific role
dacap	qtetris	1	All-Hands Person
dacap	zile	1	Developer
dacap	vaca	1	No specific role
dacap	translate2	1	No specific role
dacap	bix	1	No specific role
dacap	ase	1	No specific role
dacartwright	theclass-org	0	Doc Writer
dachad	jcontax	1	No specific role
dachaplin	goocanvas	1	No specific role
dachaplin	vzic	1	No specific role
dachcarr	datosse	1	No specific role
dache33	phpticketmgr	1	Project Manager
dachi	jup	1	Developer
dacian_herbei	melonator	1	No specific role
dacian_herbei	celui	0	Developer
dackerly	phylocom	0	Developer
dackl	qsmp3	1	Developer
dackodack	mobrouters	1	No specific role
dacm00	websafi	0	Developer
dacobi	discomatic	1	Developer
dacobi	kiss4lin	1	No specific role
dacoffey	r-i-n-g	1	No specific role
dacool	tetrifast	1	No specific role
dacool	netmaster	1	All-Hands Person
dacosta77	magnapro	1	No specific role
dacourtney	soci	0	Developer
dacracker	xtreemcrazzy	1	No specific role
dacre	phpradio	0	Developer
dactar	tuxpay	1	No specific role
dactar	hlcube	1	No specific role
dactar	gsp1	1	Developer
dactivo	locateip	1	No specific role
dacurran	exactor	0	No specific role
daczkowski	jgserver	1	No specific role
dac_646-b	halalan	0	Developer
dad812	imedialibrary	1	No specific role
dadabik	dadabik	1	No specific role
dadahaha	petmarket	0	No specific role
dadaista	xp4ide	1	Developer
dadaista	webrogue	1	No specific role
dadaista	itthreads	1	No specific role
dadam	osml	1	Project Manager
dadams1969	et131x	1	All-Hands Person
dadamson	dragondrop	1	No specific role
dadany	rakibolana	0	No specific role
dadario	connmother	1	No specific role
dadave	trindikit	1	Project Manager
daddius	seige	1	Developer
daddy-o	daddy-bot	1	Developer
daddy-o	spnsh	1	No specific role
daddy2k	powermovielist	0	Developer
daddybytes	winleak	0	Developer
daddycool78	e107	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
daddycool78	e107daddycool	1	Developer
daddycool78	e107educ	1	No specific role
daddygravity	docutils	0	Developer
daddygravity	livingcode	1	No specific role
daddymac	clog	1	No specific role
daddymac	existenz	1	No specific role
daddywolfe	l2concepts	1	No specific role
dade	wiki2crm	1	No specific role
dade	pagedev-extreme	1	Developer
dade	dadeway	1	Project Manager
dade	dbanomalie	1	No specific role
dade	phpvitae	1	No specific role
dade2004	jcl	0	Developer
dadegroot	drcms	1	No specific role
dadevill	hfc-rampage	1	No specific role
dadevilpro	jcuisis	1	All-Hands Person
dadexter	phpmdi	1	No specific role
dadexter	frogde	1	No specific role
dadexter	g4cl	1	No specific role
dadi	kdereader	1	No specific role
dadij	webchess	0	Developer
dadink	cpack	1	No specific role
dadlefish	confitura	1	No specific role
dado1945	klausyk	1	No specific role
dado3688	jblasters	1	Developer
dadolondon	netrulercontrol	1	No specific role
dadooda	mad-tag	1	No specific role
dadosutter	sway	0	Developer
dadragon	cs-pong	1	No specific role
dadrake	urbanassault	0	Developer
dadrc	htb2	0	Web Designer
dadroop	isstf	0	Doc Writer
dadrox	javamedia	1	Developer
dadrox	javasm	1	Developer
dadrox	javatoolkit	1	No specific role
dadrox	javasip	1	Developer
dadrox	gwtwidgets	1	No specific role
dadrox	mocklib	0	Developer
dadrox	channelmanager	0	Developer
dadrox	christerbator	1	All-Hands Person
dadrox	buildtemplate	0	Developer
daduke	xf86digitaledge	1	Developer
dadutchman	urisyntaxcheck	1	No specific role
dadvi	dadvi	1	No specific role
dadvir	xamj	0	Developer
dady5	mroovcastats	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
daebwae42	taporia	1	No specific role
daecabhir	msyslog	0	Tester
daedal	adaptproject	0	Developer
daedalusfall	gconvert	1	No specific role
daedalus_	senstumbler	1	No specific role
daedalus_	opensat	1	No specific role
daedalus_ii	dcmms	0	Requirements Engineering
daedalus_z	openjmud	0	No specific role
daedalux	expconq	1	No specific role
daedheadap9	od28-6	1	Project Manager
daedius	nwdo	1	Project Manager
daedius	hellsong	1	No specific role
daedius	hentai	1	No specific role
daedius	metaverse	0	Developer
daedius	metahack	1	No specific role
daedsoft	dodgerd3d	1	No specific role
daefu	llcoolj	1	No specific role
daegis	gaaf	1	Project Manager
daehlie	php-template	1	No specific role
daehyokshin	hamtoolbox	1	No specific role
daejuanj	genevanews	1	Project Manager
daeken	openhex	1	All-Hands Person
daeken	binaryphp	1	Developer
daeken	bbmethod	1	No specific role
daeken	drowtales	0	Developer
dael	smartcast	1	Developer
daeladus	hlf	1	Developer
daeladus	cpp-icqt	0	Developer
daeley	phposxom	1	No specific role
daelstorm	museek-plus	1	No specific role
daelstorm	nicotine-plus	1	Project Manager
daeltar	wmpath	1	No specific role
daeman	tlfc	0	Developer
daemeh	masc	0	Developer
daemien	neverendinggame	0	Developer
daemien	bubblespc	1	No specific role
daemious	mad-project	1	Developer
daemious	deliriumfwork	0	Developer
daemon404	cryptomx	1	Project Manager
daemon404	creo	0	Content Management
daemon404	adv-random-gen	0	Tester
daemon404	jb21	0	Tester
daemondazz	ispcandy	1	Project Manager
daemondazz	fscribe	1	No specific role
daemondust	so-scores	1	No specific role
daemondust	jeac	0	Developer
daemongp	article-ms	1	No specific role
daemonize	umibozu	1	No specific role
daemonmonke	madblox	1	No specific role
daemonp	ampersand	1	All-Hands Person
daemonp	intrinsic	1	Project Manager
daemonp	phreenote	1	All-Hands Person
daemonraco	xados	1	No specific role
daemonraco	drlibs	1	No specific role
daemonraco	dr-skeleton	1	No specific role
daemonraco	klin	1	No specific role
daemonraco	nbdlcdl	1	No specific role
daemonwolf20	fsc	0	Tester
daemonx	daemonx	1	No specific role
daemon_taos	tswnmoddev	1	Developer
daemon_v2	mp3sort	1	No specific role
daemon_v2	chat-lan	1	No specific role
daemoohn	avalon1	1	No specific role
daenerys	yarp0	0	Developer
daen_kolarin	watrpg	1	Developer
daereth	myinternet	1	Developer
daereth	jxschema	1	Project Manager
daerious	mistmud	1	Developer
daerious	dotl	1	Project Manager
daerious	havok	1	Project Manager
daermon	wdservice	1	Developer
daermon	tlauncher	1	Developer
daerr	volity	0	Developer
daerr	business-cart	0	No specific role
daerr	dbix-schema	0	No specific role
daerr	dbix-abstract	1	No specific role
daesotho	charmander	1	No specific role
daesuk83	mpacman	1	Developer
daevans	janocchio	1	No specific role
daevid	roachphp	0	No specific role
daevis	dufchat	0	Developer
daewaller	linux-gen	1	No specific role
daezling	mdv	1	Developer
dae_man	myth	1	No specific role
dae_man	networkmsg	1	No specific role
dae_man	opos	0	Developer
dae_man	sarip2p	1	No specific role
dae_man	sari	1	No specific role
dae_man	bloodrevival	1	No specific role
daf111	phpdocutron	0	Developer
daf176	natblaster	1	Developer
dafalcon	inkubator	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dafatfab	tribu	0	No specific role
dafdaf	spampal	1	Project Manager
dafearless	fearbot	1	No specific role
dafemec	ti83pluscompile	1	No specific role
dafemec	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
daferdi	de-delphi	0	No specific role
dafew	wurde	1	Project Manager
daffodilsw	daffodildb	1	Project Manager
daffodilsw	daffodillogger	1	No specific role
daffodilsw	daffodilreplica	1	No specific role
daffodilsw	dmailer	1	Developer
daffodilsw	jhelpbuilder	0	Distributor/Promoter
dafi	discoverdbgui	1	Project Manager
dafi	davide-ficano	1	No specific role
dafi	dafizilla	1	Project Manager
dafi	astrogame	1	No specific role
dafmyns	csiniparser	1	No specific role
dafmyns	ctaskman	1	No specific role
dafmyns	sociopathrpg	1	Developer
dafmyns	guckets	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dafoe	oshlmod	1	Project Manager
dafreels	jcalendar	0	Developer
dafreels	whippet	1	No specific role
dafri	biodatadisplay	1	Developer
dafrito	unopong	1	No specific role
dafsoftware	treachisland	1	No specific role
dafsoftware	chickflick	1	No specific role
dafsoftware	innova	1	No specific role
dafsoftware	dancepad	1	No specific role
dafsoftware	beaverbrothers	1	No specific role
dafsoftware	gownloader	1	No specific role
dafsoftware	monkeylander	1	No specific role
daftalex	burgner	1	No specific role
daftcho	lug-bg	0	Developer
daftcyborg	openvidia	0	Developer
daftdef	tactic	0	Developer
dafu	dbldr	1	No specific role
dafuller	osdldcl	1	Content Management
dafydd	jcollector	1	No specific role
dafydd	antprofiler	1	No specific role
dafyddjames	quartz	0	Developer
dafyre	wellston	1	No specific role
dag-	proxytunnel	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
dagang1008	jnut	0	Developer
dagar	oopicide	0	Developer
dagargo	gdbms	0	No specific role
dagarwal	salmon	0	No specific role
dagb	irda	0	Project Manager
dagb	openobex	0	No specific role
dagb	pygmy	1	Developer
dagbrown	flooterbuck	1	Project Manager
dagbrown	infobot	0	Developer
dagdamor	lcp	0	Developer
dageck0	resonantfreq	1	Developer
dagenbrock	spiffylist	1	No specific role
dageou	biobase	1	No specific role
dagerber	kphotobook	0	Tester
dagerber	xmledit	1	Project Manager
dagezi	xtsense	1	Developer
dagfinn5	searchtorrent	1	No specific role
dagfinnr	triptracker	1	Project Manager
daggerhart	netrisk	1	Project Manager
daggerrz	panoptesmgmt	1	No specific role
daggerstorm	cybert3	1	No specific role
dagger_ar	wsaver	1	No specific role
dagger_ar	carpincho	1	No specific role
dagger_ar	flexiblesql	1	No specific role
daggmano	openlp	0	Developer
daggmano	preachit	1	No specific role
daggmano	dvbdecoder	1	No specific role
dagg_	pxsystem	0	Tester
dagi	luntbuild	0	No specific role
dagibbs	omega-roguelike	1	Developer
dagimar	openxava	0	Developer
dagimp69sme	smallamp	1	Developer
dagistan	marvinsunicorn	1	No specific role
dagj	schoolbox	1	No specific role
dagjanrain	perl-openid	1	No specific role
dagmarr	paravl	1	Developer
dagnilak	rlmutfak	1	Project Manager
dagny8789	atca-hotswap	1	No specific role
dagny8789	kernel-rmon	1	No specific role
dagny8789	linux-qla2xxx	1	No specific role
dagny8789	picmg212-hs	1	No specific role
dagny8789	ha-devel	1	No specific role
dago	bayonne	0	No specific role
dago	sfsetup	0	Developer
dago	ccaudio	0	No specific role
dago	ccscript	0	No specific role
dago	cplusplus	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
dagolden	camelpack	0	Developer
dagonnier	opennac	0	Developer
dagonnier	rfc3514	1	No specific role
dagonnier	nada	1	No specific role
dagootje	sokofinity	1	Developer
dagorn_a	wired	0	Developer
dagorret	sada	1	No specific role
dagort	war3d	0	Tester
dagoth_ur	grillon	0	Developer
dagrende	wbwiki	1	No specific role
dagrende	semc-cdc-plugin	0	No specific role
dagriego	openipmi	0	Developer
dagrothe	jsmultiupload	1	No specific role
dagr_mail	wiki-profi	1	No specific role
dags	jdbcmanager	0	Doc Writer
dags	swingset	0	Developer
dagss	open-evot20	1	No specific role
daguillard	nonprofitdotnet	0	No specific role
dagut74	bulmages	0	Developer
dagvl	comicviewer	1	No specific role
dagvl	metrictime	1	Developer
dagvl	ping-pong	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
dagyde	tcelbot	1	No specific role
dag_cz	sharpconnect	1	Developer
dahammer	dahammer	1	Developer
dahammer2	j-twat	1	Developer
dahgdevash	mustard	1	No specific role
dahia	rovy	0	Developer
dahinds	aspex	1	No specific role
dahinds	pcmcia-cs	1	Project Manager
dahlemd	dbestudio	0	Developer
dahlemd	maven-plugins	0	Developer
dahlemd	swallow	0	Developer
dahlweid	kimon	1	No specific role
dahlweid	mpio	0	Developer
dahm	b-frame	1	Developer
dahm	barat	0	Developer
dahm	bcel	1	No specific role
dahm	crazybeans	1	No specific role
dahm	swpmail	1	Project Manager
dahm	javaclass	1	No specific role
dahmian	gamex3d	0	Web Designer
dahn2dusq	oraoink	1	No specific role
dahouzi	edonkey	1	No specific role
dahuber	thinkcap	0	No specific role
dahuber	imt	0	Developer
dahuge	gnn-bomber	0	Developer
dahunt	dahuntradio	1	No specific role
dahunt	bwmonitor	1	No specific role
dahuntha	gbagm	0	Tester
dai1975	rinn	1	No specific role
dai1975	corba-ruby	1	No specific role
dai2050	wrss	1	Project Manager
daiancs	ajustalegendas	1	No specific role
daichen	atesa	1	No specific role
daichik	gtk-gnutella	0	Doc Writer
daicogra	germantabex	1	No specific role
daidan83	rts-organiser	0	No specific role
daiello	mtamazon	0	Developer
daigofukuru	xf86superpen	1	No specific role
daijingjing	mirages	0	Developer
daijo	irc-dev	0	Developer
daijo	edivc	1	Developer
daijoubukun	bpws	1	Developer
daikane	mjm-mud-driver	1	All-Hands Person
daikerjohn	crucible	1	No specific role
daikumo	scooby	0	No specific role
dailaht	mdp	1	Developer
dailen	lsop	1	Developer
daill	jrpgl	1	No specific role
daillusionist	freekiss	1	Developer
dailyje	acsdams	1	Project Manager
daimonbreed	queh	1	Project Manager
daimone	xtrkcad-fork	0	No specific role
daimoniac	dyndns	1	No specific role
daimonic	gwfl	1	No specific role
daimonion	acdir	1	No specific role
daimon_hall	giotto	1	Project Manager
daimon_hall	escot	1	Project Manager
daimon_hall	triassic	1	Support Manager
dainbrain	flash-edit	0	All-Hands Person
dainbug	olms	1	Unix Admin
dainbug	openlearningms	1	No specific role
daingabriel	tpg-bandwidth	1	No specific role
daingabriel	gkill	1	No specific role
dainis_	lvdict	0	No specific role
daintree	web-erp	1	Project Manager
daiqi	hoodong	1	Project Manager
daique	slaktool	1	Project Manager
dairekivlehan	fourever	0	Developer
dairiki	fsp	0	Developer
dairiki	phpwiki	1	Developer
dairiki	pyxine	1	No specific role
dairiki	discnw	1	Developer
dairiki	myghty	0	Developer
dairton	chinchilla	0	No specific role
dairyman	genesis3d	0	Developer
dair_spb	zzcodec	0	Developer
daisakuy	stars-py	0	Developer
daishan	clan-site	1	Developer
daishan-chan	ticenter	0	No specific role
daishiharada	xwdb	0	Developer
daishiva	xcmapedit	1	No specific role
daisuke	mdxplay	1	All-Hands Person
daisuke	msxplugplay	1	Project Manager
daisuke	sted2	1	No specific role
daisuke-maki	jsthread	1	Developer
daisuke_niwa	svnmanagerlib	1	User Interface (UI) Designer
daisy	freeirc	0	Web Designer
daisy	dumbo	0	Web Designer
daisy23	song-send	1	No specific role
daisy23	explosiveart	1	No specific role
daisyc	lksctp	0	All-Hands Person
daisyplayer	daisyplayer	1	No specific role
daisyvarela	hi-eav	0	Developer
daita	guu	1	No specific role
daitao	eidors3d	0	Developer
daitau	diddlebug	0	Developer
daitengu	phpua	0	Developer
daitengu	uasite	1	Project Manager
daitengu	tryout	1	Developer
daitengu	statsme	0	Developer
daito	nutstat	1	No specific role
daito	getrfc	1	No specific role
daito	flonk	1	No specific role
daito	portfaq	1	No specific role
daito	php-lurker	1	No specific role
daito	php-plonk	1	No specific role
daitrix	daitrix	1	No specific role
daixiaofei	loicq	1	No specific role
daixy	zamber	1	All-Hands Person
daixy	mongoose	1	Project Manager
daizisheng	screenplusplus	1	No specific role
daizj	siskin	1	No specific role
daizpuru	labgest	1	No specific role
dai_installer	dai-installer	1	No specific role
dajames	virtual-access	1	Developer
dajhorn	dban	1	Developer
daji	mh2armor	1	No specific role
dajiang	lksctp	0	Developer
dajka	udip	1	No specific role
dajobe	threestore	0	Developer
dajobe	schemas	1	All-Hands Person
dajobe	pmt	0	Developer
dajobe	librdf	1	All-Hands Person
dajoker	refformat	1	No specific role
dajoker	btuldifg	1	No specific role
dajoker	chgrps	1	No specific role
dajoker	mpsa	1	No specific role
dajoker	phpsess	1	No specific role
dajoker	prmsys	1	No specific role
dajoker	findedrights	1	No specific role
dajt	basic68	1	No specific role
dajt	jedit	0	No specific role
dajt	hulk	1	No specific role
dajudge01	lizcatcher	1	No specific role
dajudge01	qspamdog	1	No specific role
dajudge01	pearpc	0	No specific role
dajunkie	natp	1	No specific role
daka	nslu	0	Developer
dakanji	checkout-xx	1	No specific role
dakanji	gallery-contrib	0	Developer
dakas	preview-latex	1	No specific role
dakayb	gnews	0	Tester
dakbari	csound	0	Developer
dakellog	dakellog	1	No specific role
daker13	generate	1	All-Hands Person
dakhar	tovu	0	Developer
dakhar	zugchecker	1	Project Manager
dakinevryce	lcp	0	Developer
dakkan	modpgsqluserdir	1	No specific role
dakkar	gestures	1	No specific role
dakkar	ibo	0	Developer
dakkar	pod2it	0	Developer
dakkar	nnetlib	1	No specific role
dakkeh	pielister	1	No specific role
dakkon	cwordgen	1	No specific role
daklin75	opendigger	0	Developer
dako-kun	nerolite	1	Developer
dakoda	sis530fb	1	Developer
dakokes	xsnapshot	1	Developer
dakon	win-bos-decoder	1	No specific role
dakoop	vistrails	0	No specific role
dakoptev	rusxmms	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
dakro	twilighttas	1	No specific role
dakuipje	popped	1	Developer
dak_alfa	libsql	0	No specific role
dak_alpha	libsql	1	Developer
dak_sf	alongtheriver	0	Tester
dak_sf	dak91	1	No specific role
dala00	cheetan	1	No specific role
daladala	mgdk	1	Developer
dalai_at_sfnet	playerstage	0	Developer
dalal_sejal	e-evolution	1	Project Manager
dalan	csharp3dengine	0	Developer
dalan76	fifoembed	1	No specific role
dalanorth	mp-plugins	0	Developer
dalanorth	mediaportal	0	Developer
dalanstewart	mtf	1	Project Manager
dalarcong	myrpg	0	Developer
dalarcong	hrp	0	Developer
dalat	glucene	1	No specific role
dalatson	iwall	0	Developer
dalbum	dalbum	1	No specific role
dalcazar	dimetools	1	No specific role
dalcinl	mpi4py	1	No specific role
dalco	mozilla-italia	1	Project Manager
dalcook	okapi	1	All-Hands Person
dalders	mpsc	1	Project Manager
dalders	scate	1	Developer
dale	mailscannermrtg	0	No specific role
dale	j-fileinstaller	0	No specific role
daleanson	jedit	1	All-Hands Person
daleanson	jedit-plugins	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
daleanson	jpatience	1	No specific role
daleanson	dbconsole	1	No specific role
daleanson	ant-contrib	0	Developer
daleanson	antelope	1	No specific role
daleanson	kappalayout	1	No specific role
daleanson	fin	1	No specific role
daleco2k	kudzu1	1	All-Hands Person
daleco2k	winkibadock	1	Project Manager
dalecosp	openregister	0	Developer
dalefreed	cfx	1	No specific role
daleharvey	inkscape	0	Developer
dalehippikon	hippikon	1	No specific role
dalehobson	pmm-cms	1	Project Manager
dalehurtt	onboardc	0	Developer
dalek99	wod	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dalel	leaf	0	No specific role
dalelovelace	mailscannermrtg	1	Project Manager
dalemorson	opensupport-fyp	1	No specific role
dalen	musicqueue	1	Developer
dalenberg	swrs	1	No specific role
dalereidy	neomud	1	Project Manager
dalereidy	res-engine	1	All-Hands Person
daleroyer	gnagck	1	No specific role
dalesbc	libzvtmm	1	No specific role
dalesbc	corelinux	0	Developer
dalesouthard	chromium	0	Developer
dalesouthard	dmx	0	Developer
dalex	tora	0	Developer
dale_eason	openfringe	1	No specific role
dale_harkness	buypolar	1	No specific role
dale_harkness	waspnest	1	No specific role
dale_mellor	bookblog	1	No specific role
dale_mellor	the-meadow	1	No specific role
dale_mellor	dm-rainfall	1	No specific role
dale_weeres	myorg	1	Developer
dalfy	crayzedsgui	1	Developer
dalgar	uiloader	0	Project Manager
dalgoda	queue	0	All-Hands Person
dali2k	innocence	0	DBA (Database Administrator)
dalia	x-im	1	Developer
dalif	varzeneh	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dalini	doss	1	No specific role
dalini	openca	0	Developer
dalini	jafar	1	No specific role
dalini	jimps	1	Developer
dalinuxnut	crystalmaptool	1	No specific role
dalippa	eclipsebridge	0	No specific role
dalippa	peridexion	0	Developer
dali_mm	idefix	0	Developer
dalke	gmod	0	Developer
dalke	pydaylight	1	No specific role
dalke	dasypus	1	No specific role
dallaire	xmlcpg	0	Developer
dallarosa	tnmsn	0	Developer
dallas27	angal	0	Developer
dallasray	aspalumni	1	No specific role
dallasray	itssv2	1	Developer
dallasray	tss	1	No specific role
dallben	replaypc	0	Developer
dallelaste	proof	0	Developer
dallen	wclp	1	No specific role
dallen	tale	1	Project Manager
dallen2004	w2lmt	0	Tester
dalleyg	videoreader	1	Project Manager
dallingham	post	0	Developer
dallingham	gramps	1	Project Manager
dallison999	aikido	1	Developer
dallmann	lng	1	No specific role
dalloliol	xqore	1	Project Manager
dalloliol	justqueryit	0	Analysis / Design
dalloliol	metacad	1	All-Hands Person
dalmassd	worktimer	1	Project Manager
dalmolin	worldvista	1	Content Management
dalmolin	hardhats	1	Developer
dalmolin	vista-officeehr	1	Project Manager
dalmolin	canfloss	1	Project Manager
dalnefre	oahuwiki	1	Developer
dalong_wang	cas-robotics	0	Developer
daloporhecho	gnns	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
daloporhecho	gner	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
daloporhecho	rssowl	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
daloporhecho	jb21	0	Developer
dalos	ha6p	1	No specific role
dalpasa	perceptum	1	Project Manager
dalpasa	dokeos	0	Developer
dalrond	l2j	0	Developer
dalroth	openglcni	1	No specific role
dalry	ccore	1	No specific role
dalshpar	gups	1	No specific role
dalsinao	gesentedu	1	No specific role
dalsquared	jannealer	1	Developer
daltona	gstatistics	1	Developer
daltona	agtoys	0	Developer
daltona	aacls	1	Developer
daltoncalford	ibschema	1	No specific role
daltonlaffs	dol102	1	No specific role
daltonlaffs	delphadelete1	1	No specific role
dalton_poa	opennuke	1	Developer
dalunchia	sdm	0	Developer
daly	doyencd	1	No specific role
daly	cl-cookbook	0	Editorial/Content Writer
daly	axiom	1	Developer
daly	magnus	1	Developer
dalyf	freejavasms	0	Developer
dalzhim	freeuoclients	0	Developer
dalzhim	tupi	0	Developer
dal_1978	doorware	1	No specific role
dam-pro	dpplayer	1	No specific role
dam000	attitude	1	No specific role
dam1en	xnapster	0	All-Hands Person
dam2k	cmsdam	1	Developer
dam46	dlportal	0	No specific role
dam47	radjax	1	No specific role
dam5s	tactic	1	No specific role
dam8	youphp	1	No specific role
damacon	roomplanner	1	No specific role
damage-plan	nteam	0	Developer
damagecontrol	figleaf	0	No specific role
damagedgenius	pageme	1	No specific role
damagedsoul	sourcemm	1	Developer
damager	timochook	0	Developer
damager	flex-wamp	0	Developer
damage_in	zencartes	0	Developer
damagic	rulilkacvs	0	Developer
damaik	kryptoftp	1	No specific role
damaki	mangamanager	1	No specific role
damaki	md5checker	1	No specific role
daman371	bloggeruniverse	1	No specific role
damangz	audiostar	1	No specific role
damanh4x	myradiosystem	1	Project Manager
damaniac82	cor4	0	Developer
damao	ath	1	Developer
damaradaiane	modusgt	0	Developer
damarco	shareaza	0	No specific role
damarges2	scliver	1	No specific role
damari123	keyword	1	No specific role
damaru_inc	back-end	0	Developer
damascus1286	fs-brody	1	No specific role
damastah	coinchenet	1	Project Manager
damasteruk	openphp	1	Project Manager
damasteruk	mypanel	1	Project Manager
damato	newsrog	1	Developer
damato	codesetslib	1	Project Manager
damato	clib2	0	No specific role
damato	bstring-mcc	1	Project Manager
damato	soundfx	0	Developer
damato	amigaide	1	Project Manager
damato	adtools	1	Project Manager
damato	betterlayers	1	Project Manager
damato	lrecog	1	Project Manager
damato	nlist-classes	1	Project Manager
damato	sditools	0	Developer
damato	rtdebug	1	Project Manager
damato	thebar	1	Project Manager
damato	texteditor-mcc	1	Project Manager
damato	toolbar-mcc	1	Project Manager
damato	htmlview-mcc	1	Project Manager
damato	identifylib	0	Project Manager
damato	flexcat	0	Developer
damato	yamos	1	Project Manager
damdoum	desmume	0	No specific role
damdun	fitnesshelper	1	No specific role
damelang	vxglib	1	Developer
damerau	plotility	1	No specific role
damez	yabause	0	No specific role
damez	occ21	0	Developer
damez	deathtoll	1	Project Manager
damf3	lex-as	1	No specific role
dami0nd	l2tpd	1	Project Manager
damiaan	vacation-web	1	No specific role
damiam	karmatracker	1	No specific role
damiam	gnaughty	1	All-Hands Person
damian81	woms	1	No specific role
damianbcpetro	dataholder	1	No specific role
damiancarrillo	baseconv	1	No specific role
damiancarrillo	stratos-php	0	Developer
damiancarrillo	jphotos	1	Project Manager
damiand	freeandeasy	0	No specific role
damianfinol	inventsos	1	No specific role
damiang	silcmob	0	No specific role
damiang	eob	0	Developer
damianov	g-mud	0	No specific role
damianv	dockmod	1	No specific role
damiba	cmusphinx	0	Developer
damicatz	uiloader	1	Project Manager
damickjj	upnp	0	Developer
damien123	pimmel	1	No specific role
damienb	papyrus	0	Developer
damieng	jazzy	0	Developer
damieng	jaxe	1	No specific role
damieng	jxquick	0	No specific role
damiengolding	dia2fsm	1	No specific role
damienguard	nullabletypes	0	No specific role
damienlaval	freephoniemap	0	Developer
damienliottier	jrcss	1	No specific role
damienmckenna	bonzo	1	No specific role
damienmckenna	aspnuke	1	Developer
damienmckenna	slashp	1	Developer
damienmckenna	zorumfork	1	No specific role
damienmo	lksctp	0	Developer
damieno	examiner	1	No specific role
damienvincent	fame	0	Developer
damien_allorge	agorae	0	Developer
damien_b	psycholog	1	No specific role
damien_b	sharpsane	1	No specific role
damien_evans	mx4j	0	Developer
damien_evans	dcm4che	1	Developer
damien_keehn	wbemservices	0	No specific role
damiles	damilestracker	1	No specific role
damilka	keepalivexp	1	No specific role
daminh	gpac	0	Developer
damir8	hrlatex	0	Developer
damiresysf	oxe	0	No specific role
damiresysf	vensso	0	No specific role
damirx	astramap	1	No specific role
damith	cas-robotics	0	Developer
damith808	heesara	1	Unix Admin
damithc	fxvcl	1	Developer
damjan_krstajic	cdelib	0	Developer
damjan_krstajic	mystructure	1	No specific role
damn	medcampus	0	No specific role
damnation	renai	0	No specific role
damne	jugsoft	0	Developer
damnet	htpwdut	1	No specific role
damnian	g2openid	1	No specific role
damnian	damnian	1	No specific role
damnian	phpbb-openid	1	No specific role
damnoob	nnta	1	No specific role
damnpoet	pros-vitaesuite	1	Project Manager
damnshock	jcn	1	No specific role
damnter	arianne	0	Graphic/Other Designer
damnter	snibbles	1	Developer
damn_bkb	sfind	1	No specific role
damn_indian	httpmail	0	Developer
damo	npadmin-pm	1	Developer
damo	ceps	1	Project Manager
damo	libredblack	1	No specific role
damoa	bloodymary	1	Project Manager
damocles	madchat	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
damodred	dnet	1	No specific role
damog	phile	1	No specific role
damogo	vod-k	1	Project Manager
damoh	abcremotedotnet	1	No specific role
damohickey	oscommres	1	No specific role
damoken	xflows	0	Developer
damokles	azureus	0	No specific role
damokles	azcvsupdater	0	Developer
damokles	azsmrc	1	Project Manager
damokles	openkore	0	Developer
damonc	nws	1	No specific role
damonc	tclsoap	0	Developer
damonc	tcllib	0	Developer
damonc	installjammer	1	No specific role
damonc	installbase	1	No specific role
damonc	vtcl	1	Developer
damonc	tktable	0	Developer
damonedwards	controltier	1	Project Manager
damonedwards	antdepo	1	Project Manager
damonkey	startosix	1	No specific role
damonkohler	nessie	1	No specific role
damonkohler	phpfop	1	No specific role
damonlbaker	cavewriting	1	No specific role
damonlynch	collective	0	No specific role
damonmenne	ijournal	0	Developer
damonp	xpassport	1	No specific role
damonp	phpcatalog	1	Project Manager
damonrand	orbeon	0	Developer
damon_yz	fsearch	1	No specific role
damoor	infinserver	1	Web Designer
damores	como	0	Developer
damosan	cl-cookbook	0	Editorial/Content Writer
damosoft	bitweaver	0	No specific role
damosoft	meteorcms	1	No specific role
damosoft	tikiwikilite	1	No specific role
damosoft	tikiwiki	0	Developer
damosoft	tikipro	0	No specific role
damosoft	tiki2	1	Project Manager
damotil	darkeyetool	0	Web Designer
damouse	ownage-report	0	Developer
damouze	dmbbs	1	No specific role
dampas	megazine	1	Developer
dampboy	sundog	0	All-Hands Person
dampf	aecp	1	No specific role
damphlett	dwinkle	1	No specific role
dampvan	phprinz	1	No specific role
damski	planet-earth	0	No specific role
damthauer	chicken-export	1	Developer
damthauer	loopflow	1	Project Manager
damusin	tinyos	0	No specific role
damu_li	rts-organiser	0	No specific role
damxtha	ool	0	Developer
damxtha	tabua	1	No specific role
damyan	cl-alleg	1	No specific role
damyan_rm	sesame	0	Developer
damyan_rm	dome	0	Developer
damyan_rm	ordi	1	Project Manager
damyan_rm	wsmo4j	0	Developer
damyot	ucmexporter	0	No specific role
dam_ged	hmi-gesmon3	0	Tester
dan	thecord	1	Project Manager
dan	bmonde	1	Project Manager
dan	mat01	1	All-Hands Person
dan-alien	japple	1	No specific role
dan-b	pictus	1	Developer
dan-d	architecturware	0	Developer
dan-iwasaki	poderosa	0	Doc Writer
dan-muresan	siscweb	0	Developer
dan-shk	tlas	1	No specific role
dan10400	sk2py	1	No specific role
dan13g	collabwriter	0	Developer
dan13ro	joramon	0	Developer
dan13ro	darkbytes	0	Developer
dan157	cmysqlutils	0	Developer
dan2048	whttp	1	No specific role
dan23	digi2web	1	No specific role
dan23	tinychat	1	All-Hands Person
dan2see	bnf-for-java	1	Developer
dan2see	bnfparser	0	Developer
dan3	wotbb	0	No specific role
dan486	tap-apps	0	Developer
dan51588	beo	0	Unix Admin
dana1234	wish4dvd	1	No specific role
dana1234	photomatch	0	Developer
danabu	phpwsbb	0	Tester
danabu	phpwscontacts	0	Tester
danadler	jacob-project	0	No specific role
danai	qref	0	Developer
danaketh	forum	1	No specific role
danaki	cyrup	1	Developer
danal	misterhouse	0	Developer
danaleks	mysticalsword	0	Graphic/Other Designer
danaleks	shadowrunmmo	0	Graphic/Other Designer
danalien	lsight	1	Project Manager
danalien	slicker	1	Project Manager
danames	mapwindowgis	1	No specific role
danamics	spikecluster	1	No specific role
danamin	table-util	1	No specific role
dananau	shop	1	Developer
dananddusty	suprnovadj	1	No specific role
danaolson	erlangcalc	1	No specific role
danaolson	g3b	0	Developer
danaolson	battlepong	1	All-Hands Person
danaolson	pcpricebuilder	1	No specific role
danap_n_mt	myjsqlview	1	Project Manager
danap_n_mt	na-worksheet	1	Project Manager
danarber	meinds	0	No specific role
danarchy	spacefightergc	0	No specific role
danarchy	chessgc	0	Developer
danaronson	slim-plugins	1	No specific role
danaronson	jstamp	1	No specific role
danaspiegel	locationserver	1	No specific role
danatcaret	often-ed	1	No specific role
danathan	lightningbug	1	No specific role
danathan	basebuilder	0	No specific role
danaus	anarchivist	1	Project Manager
danavery	archive-access	0	Developer
danavery	archive-crawler	0	No specific role
dana_dominiak	crestron-slimp	1	No specific role
dana_ionescu	prmanager	0	Developer
dana_virtual	spyse	0	Developer
dana_virtual	clix	1	Project Manager
danb	shipping	1	No specific role
danb	lkm	1	No specific role
danb00	shuttlebb	1	Developer
danb00	extrememodphpbb	1	No specific role
danbartlett	glscene	0	Developer
danbartlett	gls-fps-3d	0	Developer
danbethell	compost	1	Developer
danbethell	pawfaliki	1	Developer
danbia	bitswarm	1	Developer
danbickell	valkyrie	0	Graphic/Other Designer
danbjork	animator	1	No specific role
danblah	wireless	1	No specific role
danbogdan	dcent	1	No specific role
danbrady77	njpm	0	Web Designer
danbretherton	jstyx	0	Developer
danbri	xsb	0	No specific role
danbri	roads	1	No specific role
danbri	rdftests	1	Developer
danbricker	usbwisec	0	Developer
danbricklin	socialtext	0	Developer
danbrow	oscarmcmaster	0	Developer
danbrown	titan-native	1	No specific role
danbrown	titan	1	Project Manager
danbrown	virtualfile	1	No specific role
danbrwn	fmj	0	No specific role
danbunea	dataglue	1	No specific role
danbunea	cocoon	1	No specific role
danc2k2	tkdev	1	No specific role
danc2k2	textdev	1	No specific role
dancablam	xombie	1	No specific role
dancan99	alphadmin	1	No specific role
dancaragea	qldapmin	1	No specific role
dancbishop	ccsu-taskman	1	No specific role
dance-or-die	q-nc	1	No specific role
dance-or-die	qlc	0	Developer
dancebear	ss-cms	1	Project Manager
dancedog04	badweather	1	No specific role
dancej	openscrobbler	1	Project Manager
dancemammal	freeburner	1	Developer
dancer	exult	0	Developer
dancer	jennifer	1	No specific role
dancer	linuxchix-faqs	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dancer0889	wbwmp	1	No specific role
dancer90	dlgcafe	1	No specific role
danceswithdogs	drawpile	1	User Interface (UI) Designer
danchang	elibs	1	Project Manager
dancheeee	gate	0	Developer
danchev	fdp-bg	1	Translator (I18N/L10N)
danchev	pptpclient	0	Developer
danchev	lug-bg	1	Project Manager
danchr	faac	0	No specific role
danchr	suck	1	No specific role
danchristiansen	mobolus	1	Developer
dancie	mandelqt3	1	No specific role
dancie	zipdir	1	No specific role
dancingmonkey	uscheduler	1	No specific role
danclark	scipp	1	No specific role
dancoby	ghostscript	1	No specific role
dancohn1	newseasons	1	Developer
dancol90	crystaldesktop	0	No specific role
dancol90	securetypc	0	No specific role
danconde	uique	1	No specific role
dancoo	donation	1	No specific role
dancostelloe	gpsr	1	No specific role
dancoulter	bloggr	1	No specific role
dancoulter	release	1	No specific role
dancoulter	openit	0	Developer
dancoulter	phpflickr	1	No specific role
dancoulter	posting	1	No specific role
dancreswell	ec2-query-api	0	No specific role
dancreswell	blitzjavaspaces	1	Developer
dancreswell	assimilator	0	Developer
dancrevier	maccvspro	0	No specific role
dancy	allegroserve	1	No specific role
dancy	iserve	1	No specific role
dancy	swig	0	Developer
dand	tmlug	1	No specific role
dand	webmin-cbq	1	No specific role
dand2k	m4-la	1	Project Manager
danda	mvserver	0	Developer
danda	xmlrpc-epi	1	No specific role
danda	yats	1	No specific role
danda	jscompact	1	No specific role
dandaman32	enano	1	No specific role
dandaman32	xpui	1	No specific role
dandandaman	black-paralysis	1	All-Hands Person
dandandaman	vegastrike	0	Developer
dandandaman	openwars	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dandavis	knowflow	1	No specific role
dandedman	projgalileo	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dandel1984	nfsff	1	No specific role
dandelain	glxtreem	0	All-Hands Person
dandelain	teda	1	No specific role
dandelain	tosmo	0	Developer
dandelorey	ossmole	0	All-Hands Person
dandeman201	eyearesea	1	Project Manager
dandexter	mde-sdk	1	Developer
dandfra	tora	0	Developer
dandi	chaidb	0	No specific role
dandith	new-rpc	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dandman	xmlxslt	0	No specific role
dandnfb	seekafile	1	No specific role
dandnfb	daypilot	1	No specific role
dandnfb	menupilot	1	No specific role
dandra	gedcomfilter	1	Project Manager
dandra	dandra	1	Project Manager
dandra	phpadsplus	1	No specific role
dandrade81	slackbookptbr	1	Project Manager
dandrader	tapioca-voip	1	No specific role
dandrader	landell	0	Developer
dandriana	xwm	1	No specific role
dandrolvorn	jdserver	0	Developer
dandubinsky	salmon	1	Project Manager
dandumit	netprogser	1	No specific role
dandumit	dexoffline	0	No specific role
danebouy	shape4net	1	No specific role
danebouy	goodform	1	No specific role
danebouy	fdom	1	No specific role
daneboy	j1699-3	0	No specific role
daneckert	prefrule	0	Developer
danedev	project-liz	1	No specific role
daneelfreelance	diogene87	0	No specific role
daneel_olivaw	stareditor	0	Developer
daneka	ad-gallery	1	No specific role
danellis	sieve-php	1	Project Manager
danenberg	wikipedia	0	Developer
danenberg	wikitex	1	No specific role
danere	dynatable	1	No specific role
daneshirani	twit	0	All-Hands Person
danesjohn	ezymigrate	1	Developer
danesparza	comresolver	1	No specific role
danesparza	docuhelper	1	No specific role
daneuen	gwoops	1	Project Manager
danewsmith	rssowl	0	Distributor/Promoter
danewsmith	os-promo-distro	1	No specific role
danfe	oralive	1	No specific role
danfe	wmsensors	1	No specific role
danfe	wmqstat	1	No specific role
danfe	mvdsv	0	Developer
danfengr	oddas	0	No specific role
danfocus	iserverd-ng	1	Developer
danfr	sharpster	0	Developer
danfre39	php-pfm	1	Developer
danfreedman	resiprocate	0	Web Designer
danfrost	typo3xdev	0	Developer
dang42	ipm-hpc	0	Developer
dang42	oski	1	Developer
dangalak	phamicom	0	Developer
dangarre	jsherlock	1	No specific role
dangb	dashboardx	0	Developer
dangeax	xdames	1	No specific role
dangel81	helpit	1	No specific role
dangelo	hugin	1	No specific role
dangelo	rimps	0	No specific role
dangelo	sajberjukebox	1	Developer
dangelo	freepv	1	Project Manager
dangelo	panotools	0	Developer
danger2you	mynapster	1	Developer
dangerf	rbookmarks	1	No specific role
dangerf	supergallery	1	No specific role
dangerf	connects	1	Developer
dangerfan	irtuner	0	Developer
dangergelder	complat	0	Web Designer
dangergelder	amsterdam	1	No specific role
dangergrrl	javacavemaps	0	Developer
dangerism	dassist	1	No specific role
dangerm	mouse4com	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dangermatt	dangertalk	1	No specific role
dangermaus	hubble	1	Developer
dangermaus	gpu	1	Developer
dangermouse	dolabra	1	No specific role
dangerousjeff	gxmltv	1	No specific role
dangerousjohn	desktopgallery	1	No specific role
dangerous_piper	softast	1	No specific role
dangertools	x4x	1	No specific role
dangertools	crosswidgets	1	Project Manager
dangeruss	team190	0	Developer
dangerx	camsh	1	No specific role
dangerz	dz3d	1	No specific role
dangerz	dxp3	1	No specific role
dangerz	druantia	0	Web Designer
dangerz	elsi	1	Developer
danger_sys	gtk-xmms	1	No specific role
danglada	imm-outplayed	1	No specific role
danglada	imguana	1	No specific role
danglada	duallux	1	No specific role
danglada	tmpp	1	No specific role
danglada	aggregated4	1	No specific role
danglass	orm-net	1	No specific role
danglassey	bibletime	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
danglassey	sword	1	All-Hands Person
danglassey	spatha	1	Developer
danglassey	silgraphite	1	Project Manager
danglassey	gnomesword	0	Developer
danglassey	kmfl	0	No specific role
danglassey	qpmud	1	No specific role
danglassey	christiangame	0	No specific role
danglassey	clucene	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
danglassey	jsword	1	Developer
dangle	caitlin	1	No specific role
dango250	phpchurchcal	1	No specific role
dango73	cleanftp	1	No specific role
dangoes	vertenvelopment	1	Developer
dangoes	inimbia	1	Developer
dangra	noti	0	Developer
dangrayson	macaulay2	1	Developer
dangrayson	capybara	1	Developer
dangreff	presumo	1	Project Manager
dangriffiths	openeeg	0	No specific role
dangroza	php-sql-interf	0	Developer
danguy	webxmleditor	1	Developer
danguy	xmlzarf	1	No specific role
dangvd	ksmoothdock	1	Project Manager
danhag-777	smd116	0	No specific role
danhakujin	generations	1	Project Manager
danharibo	op-assasination	1	No specific role
danhooper	toc2lib	1	No specific role
danhuby	resourcespace	1	No specific role
dani-m	openmdx	0	Developer
dani2k1	dfm05	1	No specific role
dani84	gnome-bg	0	No specific role
danibaca	atevents	0	Developer
danic21	html-stickers	1	No specific role
danicsoft	latexample	1	No specific role
danicuki	cservapplet	1	Developer
danidani	ibis	0	Developer
danidemi	jboats	1	No specific role
danidemi	oslearning	1	No specific role
danidemi	xxlsudoku	1	No specific role
daniebrink	dws	0	Developer
daniel	eboard	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
daniel	heroes	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
daniel	mlang	0	Developer
daniel	kye	0	Developer
daniel	bau	1	No specific role
daniel	aptitude	1	No specific role
daniel	python-apt	1	No specific role
daniel	j-fileinstaller	0	No specific role
daniel-andre	genj	0	Developer
daniel-b	ffdshow	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
daniel-caixeta	mimes	0	Developer
daniel-dom	pas-sisw	0	No specific role
daniel-gouveia	txt2tags-editor	1	Unix Admin
daniel-h	sorbs	0	Developer
daniel-kun	cursive	1	No specific role
daniel-kun	gjdict	1	No specific role
daniel-kun	cppfunctor	1	No specific role
daniel-oberski	conferenceadmin	1	No specific role
daniel-ocean	pixel-team	1	Developer
daniel-r	jd4manager	1	No specific role
daniel-shadow	dsl-br	1	No specific role
daniel-w	dan-inst	1	No specific role
daniel15	danphpsupport	1	No specific role
daniel15	smfmods	1	No specific role
daniel159	icebb	1	Project Manager
daniel1dean	hacksim2004	0	Developer
daniel1dean	firenet	1	No specific role
daniel2000	circuitwar	1	Project Manager
daniel2177	dcmiresourcemgr	1	No specific role
daniel235	drivemapper	1	No specific role
daniel24	ele	1	Developer
daniel309	jvstwrapper	1	Developer
daniel505	hmcenter	0	Developer
daniel6308	aolserver	0	Doc Writer
daniel6442	php-converter	1	No specific role
daniel6442	tomatcms	1	No specific role
danieladolfsson	jade	1	No specific role
danieladolfsson	mudmaster-qt	1	Project Manager
danieladolfsson	mm2k6	0	Developer
danielagraham	wxremind	1	No specific role
danielamadei	springpool	1	No specific role
danielamaral	rtsai	0	Developer
danielamaral	grafinho	1	Project Manager
danielangelini	pyadsl	1	No specific role
danielantonion	proyectodanc	1	Developer
danielaparker	presentingxml	1	Project Manager
danielaparker	threeby5	1	No specific role
danielaparker	servingxml	1	No specific role
danielax	neuronstorm	1	No specific role
daniela_alo	alox	1	Project Manager
daniela_berndt	elviss	1	Developer
danielbakkelund	xradar	0	No specific role
danielbeer	gecco-uml	0	Developer
danielbeier	ltilib	0	Developer
danielberlin	jsdesktop	1	No specific role
danielbfranco	webcredit	0	No specific role
danielbirzel	objtex	1	No specific role
danielbl	churchoffice	1	Developer
danielblair	bluefish	0	Doc Writer
danielblair	luxasm	0	Developer
danielblueman	linux-igd	1	Developer
danielblueman	upnp	0	Developer
danielbolliger	query-custody	1	No specific role
danielborges	free4project	0	Developer
danielborrego	ecomodel	1	All-Hands Person
danielbrickman	brickivitz	1	No specific role
danielbs	fondoahorro	0	Project Manager
danielbzh	pddl4j	1	Developer
danielbzh	sat4j	1	No specific role
danielcampelo	d2k	0	Developer
danielchalef	kt-dms	1	No specific role
danielcho	met2php	1	All-Hands Person
danielcid	osaudit	1	No specific role
danielcid	oshids	1	No specific role
danielcid	os-syscheck	1	No specific role
danielcid	honeyperl	1	Developer
danielcid	rootcheck	1	No specific role
danielcj	versionweb	1	Project Manager
danielcmartinez	crystalpreview	1	No specific role
danielcon40	sharpdotmy	1	No specific role
danielcparker	torrentvolve	0	No specific role
danielcrawshay	cbusserver	1	No specific role
danielcttk	tamarux	1	No specific role
danieldallas	dean	0	No specific role
danieldestro	javalee	1	No specific role
danieldk	slackftp	1	Developer
danieldk	slackbeginselen	1	Doc Writer
danieldmcneil	osdlcluster	0	Developer
danieldmcneil	cglinux	0	Developer
danieldsmith	administration	0	Developer
danielef	glsof	1	Developer
danieleggert	pkgsrc-wip	0	No specific role
danielel	pepsal	1	No specific role
danielel	vde	0	No specific role
danielel	multitcp	1	No specific role
danieleludovici	pod2it	0	Developer
danielepiras80	icj	0	Developer
danielepiras80	jtoaster	1	No specific role
danielepiras80	ammentos	0	Developer
danielerni	aspblog	1	No specific role
danielesv	diamondcrush	0	Developer
danieleug	reflexivecms	0	Developer
daniele_athome	blueport	1	No specific role
daniele_baron	merlinspeak	1	No specific role
daniele_dll	securefs	1	No specific role
daniele_plebani	xmoon	0	Developer
daniele_zelante	zdu	1	No specific role
daniele_zelante	copyblock	1	No specific role
daniele_zelante	comf	1	No specific role
danielfalci	school	0	Developer
danielfalci	qxhelpdesk	1	No specific role
danielferber	hardmad	1	Developer
danielferreira	jexecsql	1	All-Hands Person
danielfetzer	moodle	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
danielfireman	medimagesuite	1	Developer
danielfischl	ids-frontend	1	Project Manager
danielfisica	slackcontrol	1	No specific role
danielforsgren	neva	1	All-Hands Person
danielfox	igovision	1	No specific role
danielfox	scummvm	0	Developer
danielfrede	dotnetbeing	1	No specific role
danielfritz	einsatzliste	1	No specific role
danielfroz	qmailnmx	1	No specific role
danielg4	bochs	0	Developer
danielgalan	dub	1	No specific role
danielgalan	packtag	1	No specific role
danielgalan	jwaste	1	No specific role
danielgalan	jalita	1	No specific role
danielgalvin	umlmodeller	1	No specific role
danielgau	pydict	1	No specific role
danielgauthier	lcc	1	No specific role
danielgauthier	multimedia	1	No specific role
danielgoehl	bnpp	0	Developer
danielgolesny	j-wings	0	Developer
danielgomez	antediem	1	No specific role
danielgray	team-beverage	1	No specific role
danielgrimm	ggtools	1	No specific role
danielgruen	usencryption	1	No specific role
danielgruen	fmsynth	1	No specific role
danielgruen	qliss3d	1	No specific role
danielgruen	relaks	1	No specific role
danielgt	rtsai	0	Developer
danielgutson	html-cpp-gui	1	Developer
danielhcaro	mailstarsf	1	Developer
danielhjones	sepolicy-virgil	1	Developer
danielhjones	opencryptoki	1	Developer
danielholmen	aros	1	Developer
danielholmen	dta	1	Developer
danielholmen	djpp	1	No specific role
danielhopp	vfb	1	No specific role
danieliq	hermes	0	No specific role
danielise	gfa	1	No specific role
danielise	rtuner	1	Developer
danielius	slave	0	Developer
danielj	esup-casgeneric	0	Developer
danielj7	fink	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
danieljaenecke	myspdoc	1	No specific role
danieljames	boost	0	Developer
danieljames	boost-sandbox	0	No specific role
danieljames	cxxgui	0	No specific role
danieljolly	saschoolsopencd	1	Project Manager
danieljoos	kgbk-snake	1	No specific role
danielkinsman	fuisp	1	No specific role
danielknobe	blobby	1	Project Manager
danielkoo	durito	0	Developer
danielkoo	jdba	0	Developer
danielkorenblum	icme	0	No specific role
danielkramer	odforceplugins	1	Developer
danielkuettner	pl4sync	1	No specific role
danielkw	mathcore	1	No specific role
daniellafavers	phpcourier	0	Developer
daniellampl	venividiwiki	0	No specific role
danielleew	mcs-libre	1	No specific role
daniellenz	vistas	0	Developer
daniellindsley	remarkframe	1	No specific role
daniellphillips	wordpressloaded	1	No specific role
danielmay	mqat	1	Project Manager
danielmazurek	jfire	1	Project Manager
danielmazurek	editor2d	1	No specific role
danielmazurek	holongate	0	No specific role
danielmelo_sa	jversion	1	Project Manager
danielmewes	livegms	1	No specific role
danielmncastro	powercpp	0	Developer
danielmncastro	jgenesis	0	Developer
danielmncastro	iscs	0	Developer
danielmo	koffice	0	No specific role
danielmonroe	cdpro	1	No specific role
danielneis	oopfm	1	Project Manager
danielneri	ionboard	1	No specific role
danielneri	sigmaboard	1	No specific role
danielnm	sinco	1	No specific role
danielnr	sigad	0	Developer
danielo	audacity	0	Developer
danieloltmanns	ajajajava	1	No specific role
danielos	slackbuilds	1	No specific role
danielosmari	stlavlmap	1	No specific role
danielosmari	socklibpp	1	No specific role
danielosmari	lopster	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
danielosmari	rdko	1	No specific role
danielosmari	winlop	1	Developer
danielosmari	freehasami	1	No specific role
danielosneto	eva	1	Project Manager
danielo_romano	forevermore	0	Developer
danielparks	mklinux	0	Developer
danielpclark	pyc4	1	No specific role
danielperaza	rotalign	1	No specific role
danielperl	dpsc	1	No specific role
danielpharos	quark	1	Project Manager
danielphillips	opengfs	0	Developer
danielphin	pcms	1	No specific role
danielpischl	xope	1	Developer
danielpolansky	freemind	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
danielpontello	protontoolkit	1	No specific role
danielpott	bitweaver	0	No specific role
danielprovin	vb4linux	0	No specific role
danielpunkass	seashore	0	Developer
danielqo	sweetreader	0	Developer
danielqo	knowledgekeeper	1	Developer
danielqo	guj	0	No specific role
danielqo	jangada	1	No specific role
danielramos	diffserv4ns	0	Developer
danielrc	pyecole	1	No specific role
danielrc	mswlogoes	1	No specific role
danielre	open-beos	0	Web Designer
danielreinert	jvaptools	1	No specific role
danielreinert	jvstwrapper	0	Developer
danielretief	nafoora	1	No specific role
danielrh	iridescence	1	Developer
danielrh	vegastrike	1	Developer
danielrh	brook	1	Developer
danielrh	clawhmmer	1	No specific role
danielrh	begin2	1	No specific role
danielrh	deliria	1	No specific role
danielrh	gpufft	1	No specific role
danielribeiro	cockiptsim	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
danielritz	dbi-interbase	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
danielritz	dbmarc	1	No specific role
danielsan	mod-cgiwrap	1	No specific role
danielsantos	su-render	1	No specific role
danielsantos	jmxbox	1	No specific role
danielsantos	jmstesttool	1	No specific role
danielschmitz	e-tailer	1	Project Manager
danielseifert	horen	1	Developer
danielshafer	gamerzircd	1	No specific role
danielspada	wonkhex	0	Web Designer
danielstanciu	sp-gxmlcpp	0	Developer
danielt3	fpwm	1	Developer
danielt3	p-tools	1	Developer
danieltanba	una-fapi	0	Developer
danieltaylor81	melodydb	1	No specific role
danieltes	gtk-iptables	1	Developer
danieltharp	warsongreports	1	No specific role
danieltheemann	opm	0	No specific role
danieltoma	webdev-webchat	1	No specific role
danieltwc	gatorsearchtool	0	No specific role
danielvijge	software505	1	No specific role
danielvladutu	virtual-desktop	1	No specific role
danielvladutu	gutenberg	1	No specific role
danielvr	empris	1	Developer
danielvs	smon	1	No specific role
danielvs	raiobr	1	Developer
danielvydra	logviewer	1	All-Hands Person
danielwebb	libidp	1	No specific role
danielwebb	qref	0	Developer
danielwebb	hybopt	1	No specific role
danielwebb	bot-trap	1	No specific role
danielwebb	anyc	1	No specific role
danielweber	mockpp	0	Tester
danielweiss	openfakt	0	Developer
danielwi	bemused	0	Developer
danielwm	rdv-framework	0	No specific role
danielworks	latzilla	1	No specific role
danielx	epos	0	Developer
danielyuankai	saftest	0	Developer
danielzen	calliope	0	No specific role
danielzhou1986	p2ptv	1	No specific role
danielzim	uebman	0	Developer
daniel_a	jsm	0	Developer
daniel_barreto	phpixel	1	Project Manager
daniel_bodart	infinitemonkeys	0	Developer
daniel_bowen	wtl	1	Developer
daniel_braun	cmpbuilder	1	Developer
daniel_brown	cfopenbb	0	Developer
daniel_calvin	cooperator	1	No specific role
daniel_calvin	dacdataaccesshe	1	No specific role
daniel_calvin	dacormapping	1	No specific role
daniel_calvin	dacloghelper	1	No specific role
daniel_car	sigere	0	Developer
daniel_ccsadmin	theassociate	1	Project Manager
daniel_csoares	ga-lib	0	Developer
daniel_d	wkuwacz	1	No specific role
daniel_debi	vtigerforums	0	Developer
daniel_drysdale	icebox	0	Developer
daniel_e	gtkmm	0	Developer
daniel_e	gvbox	1	No specific role
daniel_e	libsigc	0	Developer
daniel_e	regexxer	1	Developer
daniel_egloff	boost	0	Developer
daniel_f	ecps	1	No specific role
daniel_ferm	javfish	1	Developer
daniel_fk	patan	1	No specific role
daniel_franzen	netessen	1	No specific role
daniel_g	jdanielsdbtools	1	No specific role
daniel_henrique	tatoolj	1	No specific role
daniel_henrique	assertj	1	No specific role
daniel_hou0	incasys	1	No specific role
daniel_hozac	smoothiemods	0	Developer
daniel_hozac	svpn	1	No specific role
daniel_jc	odedotnet	0	Developer
daniel_k	ephemera	0	Developer
daniel_koc	cinterpreter	1	No specific role
daniel_koehn	elle	0	No specific role
daniel_korelko	zeitlauf	1	No specific role
daniel_ks	mmlogs	1	No specific role
daniel_larsson	teqim	0	Developer
daniel_macie	cml	0	No specific role
daniel_marques	bcck	1	Developer
daniel_martins	surfframework	1	Project Manager
daniel_me	rpncalculator	1	No specific role
daniel_mt	gestiong	0	Web Designer
daniel_neo19	whatismyspeed	0	Project Manager
daniel_newton	ostools	1	No specific role
daniel_newton	pyhsm	1	No specific role
daniel_pan	vxml-api	1	No specific role
daniel_rikowski	bugfinder	0	Developer
daniel_rohe	strutsbox	0	Developer
daniel_schober	fugo	1	Developer
daniel_schober	obi	1	Developer
daniel_schober	msi-workgroups	1	Unix Admin
daniel_schober	msi-ontology	1	No specific role
daniel_seiler	dancingsudoku	1	No specific role
daniel_sn	dokdb	1	No specific role
daniel_svensson	xmms2	0	Developer
daniel_svensson	tilde	0	Tester
daniel_walker	openaikit	1	No specific role
daniel_wallin	spirit	0	Developer
daniel_wallin	boost-sandbox	0	Developer
daniel_wallin	boost	0	Developer
daniel_wallin	libtorrent	0	No specific role
daniel_wallin	luabind	1	No specific role
daniel_weck	amis	0	Developer
daniel_weck	urakawa	1	Developer
daniel_weck	ruby-newton	1	Developer
daniel_wiese	ejb3unit	1	No specific role
daniel_williams	maildomination	0	Developer
daniel_winkler	wsmt	0	Developer
daniel_winkler	flora	0	Developer
daniel_x	tikiwiki	0	Doc Writer
daniel_xu	errorcorrect	1	No specific role
daniel_yang	sudokusudoku	0	Developer
daniel_yokomizo	clcl	1	Developer
daniel__rg	prestochat	1	No specific role
daniel__rg	simplirc	1	No specific role
daniemi	statelessdebian	0	Tester
danier	easylucene	1	No specific role
daniervelin	textolivre	0	Developer
daniervelin	linhadotexto	0	Developer
daniga	yacc-cosi	1	No specific role
danigm	freebasket	1	No specific role
daniiiiii	fone	1	Project Manager
daniiiiii	nexuspts	0	No specific role
daniiiiii	php-eddi-dev	1	Developer
daniil_guit	openbgi	1	No specific role
danij	deng	0	Graphic/Other Designer
danijelagajic	istore	0	Developer
danijel_kecman	rainbowportal	1	Project Manager
danik	kuddi	1	No specific role
danikenan	jbjython	1	No specific role
danikenan	jgrapht	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
danikenan	classlocator	1	No specific role
danikenan	p4jb	1	No specific role
danikenan	opensr	1	No specific role
danil	load	0	No specific role
danilamaster	xufs	1	No specific role
danilat	zagal	1	No specific role
danila_ermakov	swt-calendar	1	No specific role
danila_ermakov	unistat	1	No specific role
danilobc	ldaptrigger	1	No specific role
danilocs	unbbayes	0	Developer
danilocs	code-engine	1	Developer
danilodelfio	openmark	0	No specific role
danilogurovich	struts	0	Developer
danilojunior	gnubr	1	Project Manager
danilojunior	ferramentaria	1	Project Manager
danilomr	gbooks	0	Developer
danilopiazza	www-sms	0	Developer
danilotaveira	scrd	1	No specific role
danilote	jiim	1	No specific role
danilote	titan-uml	0	Developer
danilo_eu	mentis	1	No specific role
danilo_eu	aibur	1	No specific role
danilo_horta	deathworks3d	1	Developer
danilo_lr	dws	0	Developer
danilo_lr	dbminos	1	No specific role
danilo_lr	clx-report	0	Developer
danilo_lr	webtank	0	Developer
danilo_silva	fuicq	1	No specific role
danils	ligolio	1	No specific role
danils	scam	1	Developer
danils	shame	0	Developer
danilupion	jstockshares	1	No specific role
danil_	sqstat	0	No specific role
danimatas	pbeans	0	Developer
daniminas	dedito	1	No specific role
daniminas	charrua	1	Project Manager
danimolina	granada	0	No specific role
danimunoz	pysaveas	1	No specific role
daniph	evo-thegame	0	Developer
daniraabigail	simia	0	No specific role
daniriro	uocdaniproject	1	No specific role
danisan	xsl4rtf	1	No specific role
danish2	datagen	0	Developer
danishmujeeb	vfcards	1	No specific role
danius	networkagent	0	Developer
danivu	trustidportal	0	Developer
danixdefcon5	tcppipe	1	No specific role
danix_	stdiff	1	No specific role
danix_	bwl	1	No specific role
danizzil14	codon-suite	1	No specific role
danizzil14	geocalcpy	1	No specific role
dani_dexem	hotapplet	1	No specific role
dani_drio	mybox	1	No specific role
danj205	clayface	1	Developer
danjcn	antenna	0	Developer
danjde	cosmogonia	1	Developer
danjel	kryp	1	No specific role
danjele	debased	1	Project Manager
danjg	vb4c	1	No specific role
danjlynch	etherboot	0	Developer
danjrod	dsock	1	No specific role
danjwilliams	xscaleiop	1	Project Manager
dankdave	shnoo	1	No specific role
danke	wxpocketviewer	1	No specific role
danke	wxpicviewer	1	No specific role
danke	wxrdate	1	No specific role
dankeating	vbmuddotnet	0	Developer
dankelley	irpn	1	Developer
dankelley	epc	1	No specific role
dankelley	gri	1	No specific role
dankelley	gri-cookbook	1	No specific role
danken	ivritex	0	Developer
dankh	unak	1	Developer
dankh	ufw	1	No specific role
dankhan	soaos	0	Web Designer
dankhar	uberforum	0	Developer
dankib01	essentialdata	1	Developer
danking	pathos-web	0	Developer
dankingdon	seedcore	1	No specific role
dankleis	voiceone	1	Developer
dankness	scarsrl	0	No specific role
danko	hashtest	1	No specific role
danko34	javjabmessenger	0	Developer
dankof	xubmail	1	No specific role
dankogai	mod-cntr	1	Project Manager
dankor	nexuiz	1	Developer
dankor	gnomeoutliner	0	Developer
dankor	warqraft	1	No specific role
dankos2	calc32tompl	0	Doc Writer
dankosaur	dsquadron	1	No specific role
dankovacs	xdcm	0	Developer
danko_mannhaupt	jdbcappender	1	No specific role
dankrex	ezsoa4net	1	No specific role
dankrex	ezsoa	1	No specific role
dankwart_de	projekt-hektik	1	Developer
dankyles	jgraphics	1	Project Manager
danlash	mphysics	0	Developer
danleo	popsurgeon	1	No specific role
danleo	libhalftoner	1	No specific role
danleo	forkpackages	1	No specific role
danleo	bzflag	0	Developer
danler	pda188	1	No specific role
danler	prinstantreader	1	No specific role
danler	pv951	1	No specific role
danler	excelmvf	1	No specific role
danleslie	freecivds	1	No specific role
danleuck	sdl2	1	No specific role
danleuck	hula	1	Developer
danlutz	elexis	0	Developer
danlyons4sf	lessismore	0	Developer
danmanmayer	weblech	0	Developer
danmarsden	moodle	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
danmartin	sendtrap	1	No specific role
danmas	frostshock3d	0	Developer
danmascenik	ajax-mvc	1	No specific role
danmay	quickfix	0	Developer
danmayer	jcframework	0	Developer
danmc	rfcascade	1	No specific role
danmc	fastlc	1	No specific role
danmc	geda	0	Developer
danmc	gerbv	0	Developer
danmc	wcalc	1	No specific role
danmc	pcb	1	Developer
danmc	latex-mk	1	No specific role
danmc	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
danmc	ngspice	0	Developer
danmc	mcalc	1	No specific role
danmcd	spamassassin	0	Developer
danmcgowan	collabline	1	Developer
danmeister	dnalib	1	No specific role
danmero	freenas	0	Support Technician
danmetcalf	remository	0	Developer
danmharvey	cmsforme	0	Tester
danmi	scope	0	Developer
danmih	winvfs	0	No specific role
danmil	pymac	1	No specific role
danmoyer	win32libex	0	No specific role
danmukendi	xpdt	1	No specific role
dann00	queue	0	Developer
dann42	woad	1	Developer
dann42	everything2	1	Developer
dann86	trion	0	Developer
dannaab	swingwt	0	Developer
dannamoon	php-report	1	No specific role
danncasey	ticketsage	1	No specific role
danncasey	chrooter	1	No specific role
danncasey	mercedes	1	No specific role
danne89	sfmmorpg	1	No specific role
dannech	scanner2pdf	1	No specific role
dannemare	ilohamail	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dannerr	posit	1	Developer
dannetzke	dkpsystem	0	Support Manager
dannf	systemimager	1	Developer
dannf	systemconfig	1	Developer
dannf	systeminstaller	0	Developer
dannf	sisuite	1	Developer
danniegirl	jspecview	0	Developer
danniksw	warsdeckmaker	1	No specific role
dannil	swain	1	No specific role
dannil	smd116	0	No specific role
dannil	hpemu	1	No specific role
dannini	jdpanda	0	No specific role
danniolo	battlearms	0	Developer
danniolo	omorphia	0	Developer
dannislin	cpsl	1	Developer
danniwell	oxygendesktop	1	No specific role
danno123	fma	0	Developer
dannomite	favalias	0	Developer
dannomite	realmforge	0	Developer
dannomite	dotnet3d	1	Developer
dannomite	cmsnet	0	Developer
danntom	unigraphic	1	Developer
dannu	xts	1	No specific role
dannu	pypersyst	0	Developer
dannv	chi	1	Developer
dannwei	roffice	0	No specific role
danny2055	boardfleets	1	Project Manager
danny2055x	phpregserver	1	No specific role
danny243	barricade	1	No specific role
danny28	cf2d	1	No specific role
danny846842	rapidq-rtl	0	No specific role
dannyalexander	dbasedriver	0	Developer
dannyayers	jemblog	1	No specific role
dannyayers	knobot	0	No specific role
dannybackx	lesstif	1	No specific role
dannybackx	wince-xcompile	1	No specific role
dannybackx	xlt	1	No specific role
dannybackx	xmgraph	1	No specific role
dannybackx	xbae	1	Project Manager
dannybackx	meditres	1	Project Manager
dannybackx	movingmotif	0	Developer
dannybackx	dert	1	No specific role
dannybackx	cegcc	1	Developer
dannybeckett	fudgetogether	1	Project Manager
dannyberry	trust-eze	1	No specific role
dannybloe	collective	1	Developer
dannybloe	archetypes	0	Developer
dannybloe	plone	0	Developer
dannycar	php-riskreducer	1	No specific role
dannycook	songdb	0	Developer
dannycook	schoolware	1	All-Hands Person
dannydig	jedit	0	No specific role
dannyepstein	anagrams	1	No specific role
dannyf	log4d	1	All-Hands Person
dannyfeldman	coresetpack	1	Project Manager
dannyg	netserva	1	Unix Admin
dannyho	openeducation	1	All-Hands Person
dannyholstein	html-lv	1	No specific role
dannyholstein	sql-lv	1	No specific role
dannyhughes	jtella	0	Developer
dannyisawriter	kewlwrite	1	Project Manager
dannyisawriter	gpldmagilinux	1	No specific role
dannylisher	davin	1	Developer
dannym	traveller	1	No specific role
dannym	volmgr	1	Developer
dannym	xfce	0	Developer
dannymui	cybermedica	1	Developer
dannyor	jdigger	1	No specific role
dannyor	jremarks	1	No specific role
dannyp	hebcal	0	Developer
dannypark	basedb	0	Developer
dannyquist	mod-pubsub	0	Developer
dannys42	ccsh	1	Project Manager
dannys42	sierpinski	1	Project Manager
dannys9	winshisen	1	Developer
dannysmith	mingw	1	Developer
dannysotzny	phpgmap2	1	Developer
dannysotzny	lansuite	0	No specific role
dannystorm	tttn	1	Developer
dannyv-tibco	wsbpeltc	0	No specific role
dannyweb	scjobs	1	No specific role
dannyweyns	packet-world	1	No specific role
dannywolfboy	nagiosgraph	0	Support Manager
dannyxing	softmaster	1	No specific role
dannyxyz22	debiancell	1	Developer
dannyxyz22	pacwinter	1	No specific role
dannyxyz22	cgsbenchmark	1	No specific role
dannyxyz22	intelli-teg	0	Developer
dannyxyz22	ivussnakes	1	No specific role
dannyza	stepcalc	0	Web Designer
dannyzeng	smallsheet	1	No specific role
dannyzeng	progect	0	Developer
danny_jones	gnugsmnms	1	No specific role
danny_kurniawan	ccd2iso	1	No specific role
danny_kurniawan	unixdb	1	No specific role
danny_n	vtracer	1	No specific role
danny_uk	kdenlive	0	Web Designer
danny_xcz	ublog	1	No specific role
danny_xcz	exo	0	Developer
dannz	dannz-auth	1	No specific role
dannz27	mymusicdb	1	Developer
danodemano	smpleemailsndr	1	No specific role
danodemano	winntbckpcreat	1	No specific role
danoglam	operant-cond	1	No specific role
danohnesorg	oo-cs	0	No specific role
danohnesorg	mailman	0	Developer
danohuiginn	kmcriie	0	Developer
danoise_account	neurolab-spext	1	No specific role
danomac	verlihub	0	No specific role
danomac	phpbttrkplus	1	No specific role
danon	easymap	1	No specific role
danon	inventory	1	No specific role
danon	arslab	1	No specific role
danone_lyon	phpicalendar	0	Developer
danoorskayl	nwdo	1	Developer
danope	easybus	1	No specific role
danopia	helixclusterer	0	Web Designer
danorama	slugtalk	1	No specific role
danormsby	gnqs	1	Unix Admin
danorris	pcm	1	No specific role
danorris	mp3center	1	No specific role
danosterrath	aurora-cms	1	Developer
danovg	fmj	0	No specific role
dano_labrosse	opencfd	1	Graphic/Other Designer
danpanoz	j-ftp	0	Developer
danpe	argusjmx	1	Developer
danpe	waifjaca	1	No specific role
danperl	pyfmf	1	No specific role
danperren	phpwm	1	No specific role
danperren	conmon	1	Project Manager
danphifer	simplechart	1	No specific role
danpowley	horus-etools	1	Developer
danp_typo	typo3xdev	0	Developer
danr6	fourtools	0	Developer
danraider	iiaggi	1	No specific role
danrald	dotnetopensrc	0	Developer
danreese	nsisant	1	No specific role
danrepik	opendemocracy	1	No specific role
danron	tptest	1	Developer
danrose	ehomeconfig	0	Developer
danroth27	bsim	1	No specific role
danruebe	edirom	1	Developer
danrward	openchemwb	0	Developer
danrward	randomselector	0	Developer
dans	soft-handsfree	0	No specific role
dans42	i-mage	1	No specific role
dansan	protftpd	1	Project Manager
dansas	elgato	1	No specific role
dansas	deepbreathdb	1	No specific role
dansas3d	terrible3d	1	No specific role
danscheid	bibliograph	1	Project Manager
danschrenk	evesim	0	No specific role
dansemakabre	unb-pl	1	No specific role
dansguardian	dansguardian	1	Project Manager
dansguardian	smoothwall	1	Developer
danshafer	pythoncard	0	Doc Writer
danshaffer	alumnicomposite	1	No specific role
dansme	informixdb	0	Developer
dansmug	inkscape	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
dansocaciu	acd-barguide	1	No specific role
dansolo	automatool	1	No specific role
danspear	theherd	0	No specific role
danstarr	tinyfits	1	Developer
danstarr	sextractor	1	Developer
danstarr	pygcnsock	0	Developer
danstein	dynapi	0	No specific role
danstein	dynapyide	0	Developer
danstowell	quarks	0	Developer
danstowell	sc3-plugins	0	Developer
danstowell	scsite	1	No specific role
danstowell	jreepad	1	No specific role
danstowell	jflac	0	Developer
danstowell	myopia	1	No specific role
danstowell	moodle	0	Developer
danstowell	supercollider	0	Developer
danstowell	phpandqti	1	No specific role
danstowell	libxtract	0	Developer
danstowell	hiv	1	No specific role
danstuken	ftag	1	No specific role
dansullivan	mrbs-cal4tax	1	No specific role
dansut	opensta	1	Project Manager
dantalpau	xsldev	0	Developer
dantams	quikdic	1	Project Manager
dantarion	dantar	1	Developer
dantarion	janice	1	Developer
dantarion	cpgphoenix	1	No specific role
dantealiegri	inferno-mud	1	No specific role
dantebronto	taasdweeb	0	No specific role
dantedelucia	vacm	0	No specific role
dantelope	jpluto	1	No specific role
dantelope	hsscaffold	1	No specific role
danterobles	delirium-kit	1	Developer
dantesoft	bookshelf	0	Developer
danthaman	mspace	1	No specific role
danthe	osexchange	1	Project Manager
danthep	nzdis	1	Developer
dantifer	keylock	1	No specific role
dantis	jexpedition	1	No specific role
dantonel	fleet-simulator	0	Developer
dantschiedel	nntk	1	Project Manager
dantu	robomote	1	No specific role
dantu	firebug	0	Developer
dantu	linux-dsr	1	All-Hands Person
dantum	real	1	No specific role
danubius	adict	1	No specific role
danukusmana	skorkardiojkt	1	No specific role
danukusmana	scasy	1	No specific role
danukusmana	doimenu	1	No specific role
danulino	thot	1	Developer
danumber8	scripturescript	1	Project Manager
danurve	blastirc	1	All-Hands Person
danut-iurascu	jipm	1	Developer
danuvius	phpblogger	1	No specific role
danuvius	phpmyfirewall	1	No specific role
danuxp	your-imovie	1	No specific role
danvader	planedit	1	No specific role
danvanbass	beast-framework	0	Developer
danvanderveer	phplinklist	1	No specific role
danvd	vtune	1	No specific role
danvega	boardfusion	0	Developer
danvozhou	bsdcontact	1	No specific role
danw	aolserver	0	Developer
danw	nsjava	1	No specific role
danw	openfts	0	Developer
danw	tcljava	0	No specific role
danw6144	libicom	1	No specific role
danwang	asdl	1	No specific role
danwebart	watlab	1	Web Designer
danwilson4	cml	0	No specific role
danwinfield	ratestharness	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
danwu	pride-proteome	0	Developer
danyaelx	osmissile	1	Project Manager
danyallard	lvtoolpack	1	No specific role
danyboon	sfp	0	No specific role
danyboy78	csframework	1	No specific role
danycxxx	mobilesvg	1	No specific role
danycxxx	visualtla	0	No specific role
danydb	jocr	0	Developer
danyey	aiplanet	0	No specific role
danyid	swengmiskolc	1	Developer
danyliw	aircert	1	No specific role
danyliw	acidlab	1	No specific role
danyo	basics	0	Developer
danyprestianni	gaia-git	0	Developer
danysz	synedit	0	Developer
danyv	sigmail	1	No specific role
danyv	cdbasetk	1	No specific role
danyvbe	cdbasetk	1	Developer
danyvbe	sigmail	1	Developer
dany_joly	know-it	1	No specific role
dany_milot	archimede	0	Developer
dany_milot	freedatepicker	1	No specific role
danzart	svgeditor	1	Project Manager
danzel	jeyeme	1	No specific role
danzel	aotm	0	Developer
danzel	pspradio	0	Developer
danzel	lanspy	1	Developer
danzilla	ispheres	1	Developer
dan_adrian	ipac-ng-rrd	1	No specific role
dan_andrews	ansir	1	Project Manager
dan_austin	web-meetme	1	Developer
dan_a_lewis	cookr	1	No specific role
dan_b	cclan	1	All-Hands Person
dan_b	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
dan_bethe	muffinbot	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dan_crowley	algobrute	1	No specific role
dan_davido	chessmngr	0	Developer
dan_dm	erika	0	Developer
dan_erat	galeon	0	No specific role
dan_fritz	pytvgrab	0	Developer
dan_gafencu	jlal	1	No specific role
dan_goon	jed-d2h	0	Developer
dan_harper	leopardcrm	1	No specific role
dan_higgins1	siegeweb	1	Project Manager
dan_karrels	mod-uworld	0	Developer
dan_karrels	evilnet	0	Developer
dan_karrels	gnuworld	1	Developer
dan_karrels	hal9000	0	Developer
dan_karrels	zbounce	1	No specific role
dan_littlejohn	amportal	0	Developer
dan_malec	integratis	0	Developer
dan_malec	bricksviewer	1	No specific role
dan_manji	phpbnc	0	No specific role
dan_marsden	spirit	0	Developer
dan_marsden	boost	0	Developer
dan_mcweeney	bwwebprinter	1	No specific role
dan_mcweeney	saplink	1	Project Manager
dan_morrow	hexedit	0	Developer
dan_mueller	jdbcappender	0	No specific role
dan_m_smith	ltp	0	Developer
dan_pascu	openser	0	Developer
dan_shaya	myjtable	1	No specific role
dan_shoutis	dbxml-gen	1	No specific role
dan_syzygy	freeframe	0	Developer
dan_t	hl7api	0	Developer
dan_the_man	system7	1	All-Hands Person
dan_ultima	xu4	0	Developer
dan_vale	stellarlegacy	0	Developer
dan_vale	gm-tools	1	Project Manager
dan_w	deeplayer3d	1	Developer
dan_w	wcuniverse	0	Developer
dan_w	vegastrike	0	Developer
dan_wallis	hl-bloodbowl	0	No specific role
dan_washusen	spring-config	1	No specific role
dan_washusen	spaceinvaders	1	All-Hands Person
dan_way60	danternet	1	No specific role
dan_willemsen	esmjs	1	No specific role
dan_wood	curlhandle	1	All-Hands Person
daob	kaon	0	Developer
daob	yasws	0	Developer
daodnhan	bookcases	1	No specific role
daol03	hvk	0	Tester
daollo	olvu	1	No specific role
daoloth	syspect	0	Developer
daoquan	reallearning	0	Analysis / Design
daox	calidrym	1	No specific role
dap24	strawberry	1	No specific role
dap24	mrtgconfig	1	All-Hands Person
dap24	mp3report	1	No specific role
dap24	pysc	1	No specific role
dap24	libdbi-drivers	1	No specific role
dap24	libdbi	1	Project Manager
dap24	patchtrack	1	All-Hands Person
dap997	xoops-pl	1	Developer
dap997	xoops	0	Developer
dap997	revsql	1	No specific role
dapaganini	mplayer-br	0	Developer
dape	fisterra	0	Developer
dape82	jclate	1	Project Manager
dape82	jamtool	1	No specific role
dapendragon	metrictime	1	No specific role
dapengxu	geckoe	0	No specific role
daper	moc	1	No specific role
dapete	phpchara	1	No specific role
dapi	swpmail	0	Developer
dapimp	neo	0	No specific role
dapimp	nmock	1	No specific role
dapimp	nmock2	1	No specific role
dapisana	multishop	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dapissarenko	swixml-viewer	1	No specific role
dapissarenko	demetrix	1	No specific role
dapissarenko	openbio	1	Project Manager
dapissarenko	barchart4palm	1	No specific role
daplein	sqlloader	0	Developer
daplummer	iman	1	No specific role
dapost	ontogov	1	No specific role
dapozza	eembot	1	No specific role
dapper	romeo	0	Developer
dapple	tmva	0	Developer
daprice	unicon	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
daprice	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
daprile	softogl	0	No specific role
daquanda	powerstone	1	Project Manager
dar	spaceracer	0	No specific role
dar-es-balat	zinedistro	1	No specific role
darabi	javax-usb	0	Developer
darach	javaspider	0	No specific role
daracne	leqm	1	Developer
daragor	betatools	1	Developer
daragor	ogvw	1	No specific role
daraknor	opengameenv	1	All-Hands Person
daraknor	pa-ai	1	Developer
darapov	rel-temp-lib	1	Developer
daras	rolemanager	1	Project Manager
darav	kisdnmon	1	No specific role
darbeau	wifipaypal	1	No specific role
darbravo	wws	1	No specific role
darbravo	shia	1	No specific role
darbyb	teem	0	No specific role
darbyjohnston	djv	1	No specific role
darbymorrison	cu-batchmodeler	1	No specific role
darcalis	zetadb	0	Tester
darch	gamescrafters	0	No specific role
darcilla	tsaphan	0	Developer
darcilla	jscripture	0	Developer
darcinx	a-monolit	1	No specific role
darco	synfig	1	Project Manager
darco	sinfg	1	No specific role
darcy	bangthedrumcln	1	Developer
darc_konquest	frat-accounting	0	Developer
darc_konquest	gsys	1	No specific role
dardar	dcengine	1	Developer
dardison	wyatt	0	No specific role
dardison	cobolforgcc	0	No specific role
dardison	jiuston	0	Developer
dardosordi	phpdocadmin	1	Developer
darea	onekript	1	No specific role
darea	unepdf	1	No specific role
darecall	gw-2nd-sbv	1	No specific role
dared	labcpu	1	Support Manager
daredtzend	swatinemz	0	Web Designer
dareida	dinrhiw	1	No specific role
darek-zon	jadacz	1	No specific role
darekb	cplus-preter	0	Developer
darekdawidowski	bzflag	0	Developer
darekdawidowski	cel	0	Developer
darekdawidowski	crystalblend	0	Developer
darekf	agworld	0	Developer
darekh	cplus-preter	1	No specific role
dareks	bluemote	0	No specific role
darek_p	avrcedit	1	No specific role
darelcullen	openprocess	1	No specific role
darelf	classroom	0	Developer
darelf	datamonster	1	No specific role
darelf	rmchargen	1	No specific role
darelf	imaginechargen	1	No specific role
darellik	dio48s	1	All-Hands Person
daren	dracoweb	1	Developer
daren	snowballz	0	Developer
daren	ss7	1	No specific role
daren	orius	1	Developer
daren	goallang	0	Developer
daren	isugamedev	1	Developer
darenbrantley	grinnellplans	0	No specific role
darenm	crsl	1	No specific role
darenm	dalgenerator	1	No specific role
darenm	flexwiki	0	Developer
darenrace	freediag	0	Developer
darentx	zoggr	1	No specific role
daret	killdiak	1	No specific role
darevay	soar	0	Developer
dareya	generator-rt	0	No specific role
dareya	satellitewebapp	0	No specific role
darfaal	wow-guildshare	1	No specific role
darfe	buudychat	1	No specific role
darfy	quenottetv	0	Developer
dargosch	rphonmisc	1	No specific role
dargosch	annotator	1	No specific role
dargra	axis4struts	0	Developer
dari-	tigs	0	Developer
dariaslopez	gface	0	Developer
daria_k	streetprint	0	Developer
daricha	tprsh	1	All-Hands Person
darie	agenda-distro	0	Developer
darie	agenda	0	Developer
darin	dunit	0	No specific role
darinbuck	bpractitioner	1	No specific role
darindaniel	nantrunner	0	Developer
darinf	gnofin	1	No specific role
darinw	openamf	0	Developer
darin_i	elw	0	Developer
dario-russo	domonet	1	No specific role
darioapolinario	cmoo-j	1	Developer
dariocerizza	sws-glue	1	No specific role
dariodevito	lksctp	0	Developer
dariofg	gsftp	0	Developer
darioglz	xlslib	1	No specific role
dariolaguardia	jlms	0	Developer
dariolillo	wapsearch	1	No specific role
dariolks	xvision2	1	No specific role
dariomt	progtcp	1	No specific role
dario_napole	darkphotoviewer	1	No specific role
darisala	vipsi	0	Developer
darisd	pearlowis	1	No specific role
darisole	emsnet	1	No specific role
dariti	ppcfaq	1	No specific role
darius	moebius	1	No specific role
darius	work	0	Developer
darius	squid	0	Developer
darius18	torquemech	0	No specific role
dariusd	openipmi	0	Developer
dariushurdle	stel-sitestudio	1	No specific role
dariusj	fornax	0	Developer
dariuskatz	microlog	1	Developer
dariusschier	objectbridge	0	Developer
dariuszm	openantivirus	0	Developer
darius_	ymshell	1	Developer
darius_tanaka	waters	0	No specific role
darius_wolfson	gaim-e	0	Developer
dariuz	reglerbot	1	No specific role
dariuzk	tv2-cms	0	Developer
darix	supybot	0	Tester
dariyam	adal	0	Developer
darjeeling	amiopenoffice	0	No specific role
dark--angel	log4cpp	0	Developer
dark-advisor	freediag	1	Web Designer
dark-avenger	gme	1	No specific role
dark-bart	survivalserver	1	Developer
dark-eye	nspit	1	No specific role
dark-eye	upms	1	Developer
dark-g	dark-g	1	Developer
dark-prince	wircd2k	1	Project Manager
dark-ranger	mbsystem	1	No specific role
dark-shadow	little-helper	1	Developer
dark-shadow	bkpix	1	No specific role
dark-storm	arachnide	1	Project Manager
dark-storm	wpdev	1	Project Manager
dark-storm	uop	0	Developer
dark-templer	tan	0	No specific role
dark-templer	farsimoz	0	No specific role
dark100	gmac	1	No specific role
darkagesmud	chronosmud	1	No specific role
darkain	wasabidev	1	No specific role
darkain	rmx	1	Unix Admin
darkain	imagemetabase	1	No specific role
darkain	ndslib	0	Developer
darkalpha	ospora	0	Developer
darkamex	openbazar	1	No specific role
darkangel	openitalia	0	Developer
darkangel2401	mod500	0	Developer
darkangel387	paknet	0	Developer
darkangelab	openuo	1	Developer
darkangelab	uox3	0	Developer
darkangelab	thws	1	No specific role
darkangelbge	algebsql	1	Project Manager
darkante	ubounce	1	No specific role
darkarctic	desipio	1	Project Manager
darkartlok	legendsofkesmai	1	No specific role
darkath	moodle	0	Developer
darkbard	vermeledit	1	Developer
darkbard	gnuvermeledit	1	Developer
darkbard	gorillagrodd	1	No specific role
darkbard	sepy	0	Developer
darkbasicdev	dbdev	1	No specific role
darkbeat	timina	0	No specific role
darkbios	c-alleg	0	Developer
darkbluesf	digiportal	0	Developer
darkbluesf	lorien	1	Project Manager
darkbone	glelite	0	Developer
darkbot	dbhub	1	No specific role
darkbowsee	dreamixos	1	No specific role
darkbyte	ptclanserver	0	Developer
darkcanuck	lightpress	0	Developer
darkchao56	stepmania	0	Developer
darkchrono	slsoftware	1	No specific role
darkchrono	openjal	0	Developer
darkchrono	irrwizard	0	Developer
darkclown	fddassist	1	No specific role
darkcmd	dcdance	1	No specific role
darkcobra	serpentbrowser	1	No specific role
darkcore	cendor	1	Project Manager
darkcrimson	hcopgame1	0	Developer
darkdakedesu	gnu-age-shell	1	No specific role
darkdakedesu	tophat	1	No specific role
darkdakedesu	nimh-libs	1	No specific role
darkdakedesu	cd-zine	1	No specific role
darkdakedesu	daytanea	1	No specific role
darkdams	testbanksystem	1	Developer
darkdaskin	lanresource	1	No specific role
darkdaskin	aeternagui	1	No specific role
darkdedecreor	othersky	1	Project Manager
darkden81	dokeos	0	Developer
darkdevil_38	wxmodeler	1	Developer
darkdevil_38	xcas	1	Developer
darkdevil_38	arcallians	0	Developer
darkdonno	xbmc	0	Tester
darkdonno	xboxmediacenter	0	Graphic/Other Designer
darkdragoon	drowtales	0	Developer
darkdruid	doomlegacy	0	Developer
darkds	roaches	0	Developer
darkdud3	raptt	0	Unix Admin
darkdyluck	tachel	1	No specific role
darkeagle66	tmi-3	0	Developer
darkelder	smartyform	1	No specific role
darkelder	ourcms	1	Project Manager
darkelder	open2support	1	No specific role
darkelder	phpdocu	0	Developer
darkelement	muiplay	1	No specific role
darkelven	jgraphiceye	1	No specific role
darken	ircivil	1	No specific role
darken	pidev	1	Developer
darkened	mxoemu	0	Developer
darkengel	channel-service	1	No specific role
darkeol	abscnc	0	Developer
darkepaw	pentagram	0	Developer
darkeststar	netcluster	1	No specific role
darkeststar	conmms	1	No specific role
darkevil	tclfr	0	No specific role
darkevil	darkevil	1	No specific role
darkewolf	walledcity	1	No specific role
darkeye	darkice	1	All-Hands Person
darkeye	locblog	1	No specific role
darkeye	tacos	0	Developer
darkeye-martin	scs-anope	1	No specific role
darkfader	ndslib	0	Developer
darkfader	pmas	1	No specific role
darkfallenarel	ti83cbl2	0	Graphic/Other Designer
darkfang	lostrealms	0	Developer
darkfate	plants	1	Developer
darkfate	rushcms	0	Developer
darkfate_	openkore	0	Developer
darkfell	hgraph	1	Analysis / Design
darkfiber	sarien	1	Developer
darkfiber	scummvm	0	Developer
darkfire5252	pinsched	1	No specific role
darkflyer	jcat	0	Developer
darkfrog13	servo	1	Project Manager
darkganja	wirelessfr	0	Doc Writer
darkgear	cwplaner	0	Developer
darkgiank	tm-evolution	1	No specific role
darkgod	pernband	1	Project Manager
darkgoyle	gatekeeper-js	1	No specific role
darkgoyle	dexter-js	1	No specific role
darkgremio	narc3d	1	Project Manager
darkgrey	vdr-mediamvp	0	No specific role
darkgrunt	bomns	1	Project Manager
darkguizmo	wowsystem	0	Developer
darkguy	pjbapplet	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
darkguy2008	starsolarian	1	No specific role
darkguy2008	gp3d	1	No specific role
darkhack	pfoforumproject	0	Developer
darkhalf	phpdarklinklist	1	No specific role
darkhawkil	movix	0	Doc Writer
darkhawk_2000	annabot	1	Project Manager
darkheavy	pawm	0	Developer
darkhelmet10	tengu	1	Developer
darkhelmet10	eweiss	0	Developer
darkhelmet100	j-twat	0	Web Designer
darkhelmet24	phpclancore	1	Web Designer
darkhelmet_	gmapschunker	1	All-Hands Person
darkhonor	javainventory	1	Developer
darkice194	axezium	1	Developer
darkius84	faultor	0	Developer
darkjames	darkchats	1	No specific role
darkjedo	swcrpg2006	0	Graphic/Other Designer
darkk	spolan	1	No specific role
darkk	yat	1	No specific role
darkkey	javanetsim	1	No specific role
darkkey	iceids	1	No specific role
darkkey	icescan	1	No specific role
darkkey	timeold	1	No specific role
darkking-	paperrock	1	No specific role
darkking-	phpgroupworks	0	Developer
darkking-	darkking-gbook	1	No specific role
darkkitty12	aocell	1	Project Manager
darkkitty12	aoemudataloggin	1	Project Manager
darkl	battlearms	0	Developer
darklady87	ixdcc	0	Developer
darkleth	consoleproject	0	Tester
darklich	cnes	0	Developer
darklich	sphere	0	Developer
darklich	audiere	0	Developer
darklightdesign	wett-p2p	1	Graphic/Other Designer
darklightdesign	svgilluminator	1	Project Manager
darklilac	ska	1	No specific role
darkling	sqwar	1	No specific role
darkling	oscars	1	No specific role
darkling	obfunae	1	No specific role
darkling	gladsheim	1	No specific role
darkling	falsoyd	1	Developer
darklings	b2b-osc-contrib	1	No specific role
darklite09	dta	1	Project Manager
darklizener	ozmut3d	1	No specific role
darklogic	evercrack	1	No specific role
darklogik	smbfs	0	No specific role
darklor21	ktarot	0	Developer
darklord666	westermania	1	Project Manager
darklord_	psymessenger	1	Developer
darklord_00	datagalaxy	1	No specific role
darkmachine	xrpg	1	Developer
darkmagex3	muwolds	1	No specific role
darkmagic	bluefish	0	Developer
darkman-visions	zglw	1	Developer
darkman1983	mangos	0	Tester
darkman97i	openkm	1	Project Manager
darkmandragor	sondar	0	Graphic/Other Designer
darkmarc	ifs3d	1	All-Hands Person
darkmaterial	rtpdemo	0	Developer
darkmatr1x	runie	0	No specific role
darkmercenary	svnmanagerlib	1	Developer
darkmercenary	svnclientlib	1	No specific role
darkmetalforge	thl2	1	No specific role
darkmetalj	tyrien	1	Project Manager
darkmonk	consoleproject	0	Graphic/Other Designer
darkmonk2000	commandlinenet	1	No specific role
darkmonkey	dtsource	1	No specific role
darkmunk	ethcode	1	No specific role
darkmyztz	pathways	0	Developer
darkmyztz	sum	1	No specific role
darkmyztz	xms	1	No specific role
darkn3ss	summoner	0	Graphic/Other Designer
darkn3ss-	aquacrystal	1	No specific role
darknano	betadecay	0	Graphic/Other Designer
darknekros	facturascripts	0	No specific role
darkneoboi	ntbb	0	No specific role
darknerd42	shd	1	Developer
darknes	dlsoft	1	Project Manager
darknes	actionpong	1	No specific role
darknes	sod	1	Project Manager
darkniels	eafitfs	0	Developer
darknight15	darkvis	1	Project Manager
darknighter23	proyectodanc	0	Developer
darknivek	icthelpdesk	1	No specific role
darko	poa	1	Project Manager
darko	sylpheed-claws	0	Developer
darko1978	swflib	1	No specific role
darko78	swflib	1	No specific role
darko79	pxvid	1	No specific role
darkod	ekheti	0	Developer
darkolord	cbm	1	Developer
darkomarko	babylonlib	0	Developer
darkon06	thoth-chat-bot	1	No specific role
darkoquak	babylonlib	0	No specific role
darkoromanov	bbcheck	1	No specific role
darkoromanov	darkmaps	1	Project Manager
darkoromanov	poa	1	No specific role
darkox	phpmissile	0	No specific role
darko_anicic	iris-reasoner	1	No specific role
darko_anicic	dome	0	Developer
darkpenguin	torocredit	1	All-Hands Person
darkpenguin22	andromedacore	1	No specific role
darkpepe_cl	mapdown-bf	1	No specific role
darkphan	pvwikisystem	0	No specific role
darkphantom	acserver	0	No specific role
darkphantom	uuoe	1	Developer
darkphotn	ivm	1	Developer
darkphotn387	jgame-java	1	No specific role
darkpixel	snppsend	1	Developer
darkplace	amsnplus	1	No specific role
darkplanets	bowlfish	0	Tester
darkpontifex	swiftcrack	1	Developer
darkprokoba	yafm	1	No specific role
darkprophet	opentab	1	No specific role
darkprophet2	novodexjava	1	No specific role
darkprophet2	thunderstrike	1	No specific role
darkprophet2	volatile-engine	1	No specific role
darkquantum	galacticdomine	1	No specific role
darkquantum	openispmanager	1	No specific role
darkraine	fbmd5sc	1	No specific role
darkraist	medievalnorth	0	Developer
darkraver	kxmms	1	No specific role
darkredz	flash-wordpress	1	No specific role
darkrichsmile	semediawiki	0	Developer
darkrift411	ed209-bot	0	Developer
darkriftx	jetpp	0	No specific role
darkrom	guildwiki	1	No specific role
darkroom	js-filebrowser	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
darkroom	verbos	1	No specific role
darkroot	agar	0	Developer
darkruler	webcms	1	No specific role
darkrune	skylizard	0	Developer
darksage631	kdm2	1	No specific role
darksch27	jmt	0	Developer
darkschneider2	linux-wildo	1	Project Manager
darkschneider2	foat	0	Analysis / Design
darkscout2	neticq2k	0	Developer
darkseas	adk	0	Web Designer
darksecond	mwse	1	Developer
darksecond	morrowindonline	1	No specific role
darkseed77	foxline	1	Project Manager
darksentinel	snakevssnake	1	No specific role
darkshimmer	ageofwar	1	Developer
darkshock	aeruirc	1	Project Manager
darkshock	gamefu	1	Project Manager
darkshock	ff1t	1	No specific role
darkshock	kemul	1	No specific role
darkshock	tapioca-voip	0	Developer
darkshock	sukines	1	No specific role
darksiamese	icaclientsc	1	Project Manager
darksides	mvideo	0	Web Designer
darksidex	d20battle	1	Developer
darksidex	l2jgui	1	No specific role
darksidex	qavimator	0	Developer
darksidex25	sharequiz	1	No specific role
darksid_82	javathena	1	Project Manager
darksied9	rpgbrowsergame	1	Developer
darksied9	biosdiskiolib	1	Project Manager
darksied9	bhcintranet	1	Project Manager
darksied9	amberarcher	1	Project Manager
darksied9	aspsearch	1	Project Manager
darksied9	falconmail	0	Project Manager
darksied9	supremepdf	1	All-Hands Person
darksied9	kmcriie	1	Project Manager
darksied9	mamcom	1	Project Manager
darksied9	cub	1	Project Manager
darksied9	delphinet	1	No specific role
darksied9	df2	1	Project Manager
darksied9	tosmo	1	Project Manager
darksied9	yamdager	1	Project Manager
darksied9	ntal	0	Developer
darkskiez	asis-dicom	1	No specific role
darksnow	projecteditor	1	No specific role
darksorceror383	kche	1	No specific role
darksoul72	morcal	1	Project Manager
darksoulz	wwwtrack	1	No specific role
darkspawn	haven	0	No specific role
darkspell	worth	1	Project Manager
darkspirit	v2os	0	Developer
darkspy3	darkbytes	0	Developer
darkssj3	confusion	1	No specific role
darkstar-alt	sim-icq	0	No specific role
darkstar23	cac-tool	1	Project Manager
darkstar62	darkstar-gl	1	Project Manager
darkstar7619	alienhunting	1	No specific role
darkstar81	dbmap	1	No specific role
darkstars	taiskirmish	1	Project Manager
darkstarskater	smallnap	0	No specific role
darkstarskater	hydronap	1	Developer
darkstream	wireframetool	0	Developer
darksun4	smallbasic	0	Developer
darksun4	arm0nia	1	Project Manager
darksun4	sde-tech	1	Project Manager
darksun4	fortune4all	1	No specific role
darksun4	gnvm	1	No specific role
darksun4	meditation4all	1	No specific role
darksylinc	x86mph	1	No specific role
darksylinc	clamwin	0	Developer
darksythe	seow	0	Developer
darksythe	stratcom	1	No specific role
darkt	tong	1	Project Manager
darktails	openbor	0	Developer
darktama_	nouveau	0	Developer
darktama_	r300	0	Developer
darktempes	chungles	0	Developer
darktempes	mugu	0	Tester
darkterrax	roc	0	Developer
darkthrn	koelib	0	Developer
darkthunder	ageofwar	1	Developer
darktigrou	jwebadmin	1	Developer
darktigrou	frpython	1	No specific role
darktrain	exeqlib	1	Project Manager
darktusk	shubunkin	1	Project Manager
darktuxy	accountex	1	Project Manager
darkvador	transbord	1	No specific role
darkvador48	ovinet	1	Project Manager
darkval	openframe	0	Developer
darkvater	openttd	1	Developer
darkvip	ageofwar	0	Web Designer
darkvision17k	mekwars	0	Web Designer
darkw	tierramedia	1	Developer
darkwarrior	log4cplus	0	Developer
darkwarriorss	m00serve	0	Developer
darkwave	ubuntuguide-it	1	No specific role
darkwave	psm2dxf	1	No specific role
darkwave	phpmyhotels	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
darkwave	playpage	1	No specific role
darkwave	isoj2me	1	No specific role
darkweb	singinharmony	1	No specific role
darkwing0o0rama	centrallix	0	Developer
darkwire	flexchat	1	Developer
darkwire	vimpix	0	Developer
darkwolf95	doomlegacy	0	Developer
darkwolf999	l1j	1	Developer
darkwolfdev	spocht	1	Project Manager
darkwolfe	phpimageviewer	1	No specific role
darkworm	linux-7110	0	No specific role
darkworm	ipod-on-linux	0	Developer
darkwyrm	be-logos	1	No specific role
darkwyrm	open-beos	0	Developer
darkwyrm	bpmagic	1	No specific role
darkxeno	the3dtris	1	No specific role
darkxerion	winkiller	1	No specific role
darkyhorse	mmoldschool	0	Graphic/Other Designer
darkyojimbo	absinth	1	No specific role
darkyojimbo	openil	1	Project Manager
darkyoshi	turingzelda	1	No specific role
darkyota	vorton	0	Developer
darkz	gsa-simple-xml	1	No specific role
dark_696	riot-in-ecity	1	No specific role
dark_angel	xmen	1	No specific role
dark_angel	eclipsecolorer	0	Developer
dark_angel	aftermaze	1	Project Manager
dark_auraan	genepool	1	Project Manager
dark_charlie	openlierox	0	Developer
dark_elf2	aproxim	1	Developer
dark_evil_eye	gamedesk	0	Developer
dark_flame	guliverkli	0	Doc Writer
dark_fox_vx	arapuka	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dark_intruder	dgep	1	No specific role
dark_jedi	jcomics	1	Project Manager
dark_jediman13	throes-msp	0	Developer
dark_jujitsu	knights2	0	No specific role
dark_khaalel	korriban	1	No specific role
dark_khaalel	atanator	1	No specific role
dark_knight16	dsdevguild	0	No specific role
dark_knight_ita	phpgamescenter	0	Analysis / Design
dark_magus	tiny-advent	1	Doc Writer
dark_mmsx	mmoldschool	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dark_namor	eps-trpg	1	Analysis / Design
dark_oppressor	darkai	1	Project Manager
dark_oppressor	adventurerpg	1	No specific role
dark_reaction	drcompile	1	Project Manager
dark_savant	rom2-hat-admin	1	No specific role
dark_savant	robo-net-battle	1	No specific role
dark_shadow	synch	1	No specific role
dark_sniper	play-varrock	1	No specific role
dark_warlock	spacesim	1	Project Manager
dark_warlock	archmud	1	Project Manager
dark_wave	kkpwm	1	Developer
darla	stepmod	1	Developer
darlam	jemud	1	Developer
darling2	dynimageservlet	1	Developer
darlk	dark-haven	1	No specific role
darlok	minp	1	No specific role
darmot	strg-c	1	Developer
darmou	spectcl	1	Developer
darmovzalt	jgps	1	No specific role
darmovzalt	ebookme	0	Developer
darmstrong01	filecopier01	1	No specific role
daro-nvump	nvu23	1	No specific role
darobbe	mediathek	0	No specific role
darobin	svg-qa	0	No specific role
darobin	perlrdfhelper	0	Developer
darobin	perl-css	1	Developer
darobin	perl-xml	1	Developer
darobin	axkit-docs	1	Project Manager
darobin	gravel	0	Developer
darobin	severage	1	Developer
darocker22	webmail4me	1	No specific role
darodga	nxservliv	1	No specific role
darog	blobsy	0	Developer
darogan	rnalocalizer	1	No specific role
darogan	particlestats	1	No specific role
daronin	ne7ssh	1	No specific role
daronson	ccs-technology	1	Developer
daronson	ccs	0	All-Hands Person
darooge	cocoafibs	0	Developer
darookee	phpring	1	No specific role
darookee	hangmanhelper	1	No specific role
darope	halflifeadmin	1	Project Manager
darope	metamod	1	Project Manager
darope	informium	0	Developer
daroth-u	scourge	0	Developer
darqer	bezcruvcreator	1	No specific role
darqref	plotit	0	Developer
darque9	jarnet	0	Developer
darranshepherd	meshbox	0	Developer
darras	tvbrowser	1	Developer
darrath	monmash	1	No specific role
darrath	intusergames	1	Developer
darrb	sourceforge-lg	1	Project Manager
darrelknutson	gunnar	0	Tester
darrellpf	qii	0	Developer
darrellulm	zippar	1	Project Manager
darrell_kundel	openebiz	1	No specific role
darren	visa	1	Project Manager
darren2207	brewster	0	No specific role
darren870	itopoly	0	Developer
darrenb	btonline-btech	0	Developer
darrenbounds	packit	1	No specific role
darrenbounds	nsight	1	No specific role
darrenbounds	forgate	1	No specific role
darrenc	adept	0	Developer
darrencook	dcflash	1	Developer
darreng	n-able	1	No specific role
darrengitelman	cbmgtools	1	No specific role
darrenhobbs	natterjack	1	No specific role
darrenhobbs	eob	0	Developer
darrenkenny	pkgbuild	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
darrenkerr	vtrie	1	Developer
darrenls59	wxdsgn	0	Developer
darrenmorris	jaba	0	Developer
darrenpearce	softmouse	1	No specific role
darrenr114	accgenx	1	No specific role
darrens	eof	0	Developer
darrent	wpi-gdc	1	Project Manager
darrent	wpigdc-cms	0	Developer
darrenw2112	jgpibenet	1	No specific role
darrenw2112	gpib-java	0	Developer
darren_bolland	ezchatroombot	0	Developer
darren_g	stickbuilder	1	No specific role
darren_hunt	jtrix	0	Web Designer
darren_janeczek	xu4	0	Developer
darren_kruse	task	1	Doc Writer
darren_r	ipfauth	1	No specific role
darren_r	ipfilter	1	No specific role
darren_r	httpproxy	1	No specific role
darren_winsper	stellarlegacy	1	Web Designer
darren_winsper	babble	1	No specific role
darriak	networkwatchman	0	Developer
darrikmazey	perl-win32-gui	0	Developer
darrinsmart	ici	0	Developer
darrint	lapidary	0	Developer
darrkcloud	silvcms	1	No specific role
darronschall	solve	1	No specific role
darronschall	sharpflash	1	No specific role
darrudi	telqaskb	1	No specific role
darrudi	cwfb-pl	1	No specific role
darrwin	paradropper	1	No specific role
darrwin	orbit-resource	1	Content Management
darrwin	kioik	1	No specific role
darrylb	labonizer	1	No specific role
darrylbleau	klashfxp	1	No specific role
darrylbleau	jspshop	1	No specific role
darrylo	cscope	0	Developer
darrylring	creativepress	1	No specific role
darrylring	zerospace	1	Developer
darrylsh	swinc	1	No specific role
darshak	protorium	1	Project Manager
darshak	ponus2	1	No specific role
darshanac	flightstop	0	Developer
darshandd	relipmoc	1	No specific role
darshanjadav	kush	1	No specific role
darshanw	prahar	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
darshan_sonde	unonet	1	Developer
darshan_sonde	dana	1	No specific role
darshan_sonde	edutor	1	No specific role
darshan_sonde	htmltutor	1	User Interface (UI) Designer
darsie	vru	1	No specific role
darsie	bipac	1	No specific role
dart	dotnetpcf	1	No specific role
dart0	asitunel	1	No specific role
dartagnan324	ocvolume	0	Developer
dartamonov	sqllayer	1	No specific role
dartanyan	kgentooconf	1	Developer
dartanyan	gfastfile	1	Project Manager
dartar	wikka	1	Developer
darthbrent	indielamp	1	All-Hands Person
darthcarter	musik	0	Developer
darthevil	u-tools	0	Developer
darthfuge	a-monolit	1	Developer
darthhalcyon	hssbuild	1	No specific role
darthhalcyon	ethnose	1	Developer
darthludicrous	sqlbooster	0	Developer
darthlyjac	scooby	0	No specific role
darthmma	freya-engine	0	Developer
darthrake	siginfo-osx	1	No specific role
darthroomba	roombafx	0	No specific role
darthsabbath	firestormos	0	Developer
darthsidious_	sithnet-dev	1	Project Manager
darthsteven	total-torrent	1	Project Manager
darthsteven	aspfusion1	1	Project Manager
darthstibbons	rocksnake	1	No specific role
darthstibbons	medb	1	No specific role
darthvader	jfox	0	No specific role
darth_gaius	frat-accounting	0	Developer
darth_giorgius	warp2007	0	All-Hands Person
darth_linux	blood	0	No specific role
darth_sebulba04	gregarius	0	Developer
darth_sebulba04	triangles	1	No specific role
darth_vader	nassp	0	Developer
darth_xan	h-5	0	No specific role
darth_yao	cma	1	No specific role
darting	phpmax	0	Developer
dartmanx	mapmakerexpress	1	No specific role
dartmolx	dex-os	0	Developer
dartonw	extrasync	1	No specific role
dartsma	jamesproject	1	Developer
dartz	biospice	1	Support Manager
darudude	osschool	0	Developer
darumpel	easyhtml-php	1	Project Manager
darushin	netmanga	1	No specific role
darvasa	multijava	0	Developer
darvasa	jmlspecs	0	Developer
darvin	urpg	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
darvina	pcinventory	1	No specific role
darwin10	pgmfi	0	Developer
darwin3	potree	1	No specific role
darwin3	javafreecnc	1	No specific role
darwin3	simplewebapi	1	No specific role
darwin3	smbcms	1	No specific role
darwindarak	wordreview	1	No specific role
darwinfelix	nxtcommand	0	No specific role
darwinian999	runtogether	1	No specific role
darwinium	compwars	1	No specific role
darwinx	cnbloodline	0	Graphic/Other Designer
darxite	bemused	1	Developer
darxkies	gd-sharp	1	No specific role
darxkies	nutexvserver	1	No specific role
darxkies	nutexframework	1	No specific role
darxus	phillylug	1	No specific role
darxus	speechd	1	No specific role
darxus	dnswl	0	Developer
darylcs	xmsf	0	No specific role
daryll	dri	1	Developer
daryll	glide	1	No specific role
daryll	glean	0	Developer
daryllow	crc32xlib	1	No specific role
daryllow	memeticai	1	Project Manager
darylngch	xpsp3	1	No specific role
darylpoe	hoverball	0	Developer
darylsrowland	zenses	1	No specific role
daryl_hansen	cgpskins	0	Developer
daryn	replaypc	0	Developer
darzani	codeshield	1	No specific role
darzani	leechzero	1	No specific role
darzee	openmcq	1	No specific role
darzee	tikiwiki	0	No specific role
darzephyr	qtrans-partage	1	No specific role
das	tktoolkit	0	No specific role
das	alphatcl	1	Project Manager
das	incrtcl	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
das	tcltkaqua	1	Project Manager
das	tclex	1	No specific role
das	tcladdressbook	0	Developer
das	tclae	1	Developer
das	tclapplescript	1	Project Manager
das	tclresource	0	Developer
das	tcl	0	No specific role
das	tclvfs	1	Developer
das	emu	0	Developer
dasarathw	wsatimpl	1	No specific role
dasaru	xmlpullparser	0	Developer
dasaxena	javadbclient	0	Doc Writer
dasbell	cel	0	Developer
dasbruce	taiskirmish	0	Support Manager
dasc	lese	1	No specific role
dascandy	atlantisos	1	All-Hands Person
dascandy	ncsh	1	No specific role
dascandy	cdsh	1	No specific role
dasch	las2class	1	Developer
dasch88	pyconomy	1	No specific role
daschmidt	geovistastudio	0	Developer
daschnei	argunet	1	No specific role
daschneider	eclipse-cs	1	No specific role
daschreiber	runningplan	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
daschreiber	mtris	1	Project Manager
dasdan	xoops	0	Developer
dasdebjyoti	opencalcplus	1	No specific role
dasdirk	torm	1	No specific role
dasdirk	pmtool	0	Developer
dasen	ihm	1	Developer
dasen	jflightlog	1	Developer
dasen	jstart32	1	Developer
dasen	jthello	1	No specific role
dasenjo	thewala	1	Developer
daserver	upnprenderer	0	Developer
daserver	upnpmediaserver	0	Developer
daserver	stampache	1	No specific role
daservis	sox	0	Developer
daservis	osalp	1	Project Manager
daserzw	netfuse	1	No specific role
dash2	blogfish	1	No specific role
dasha-m	iapi	0	Developer
dashagranthi	sftprepo	1	No specific role
dashawn888	d3vscan	0	Developer
dashboard68	gambas	0	Developer
dashdiggler	ijet	0	Developer
dashdiggler	antrunner	0	Developer
dashea	peachlnx	1	Developer
dasher42	hw2bsg	0	Developer
dashival	sdlsand	0	Developer
dashohoxha	hgsm	1	Developer
dashohoxha	cppdom	1	No specific role
dashohoxha	netaccess	1	Developer
dashohoxha	doc-book	1	Developer
dashohoxha	smewebapp	1	Developer
dashohoxha	phpwebapp	1	Developer
dashohoxha	phplg	1	Developer
dashorst	baritus	1	Developer
dashorst	burgerweeshuis	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dashorst	jacobie	0	No specific role
dashorst	wicket-stuff	1	All-Hands Person
dashorst	wicket	1	Content Management
dashorty_at	picturespool	1	No specific role
dashy0070	egovsh	0	Developer
dasil014	vlab	0	Developer
dasilentstorm	nextvision	1	Developer
dasilva	opengrads	1	Developer
dasilva	esmf	0	Developer
dasilva	esmfcontrib	0	Developer
dasjott	yab-interpreter	0	Developer
daskuza	rzync	1	No specific role
dasleah	openwg	1	No specific role
dasleah	invasionmtw	1	No specific role
dasleah	mlbr-x	1	No specific role
dasloth	nextgen	0	All-Hands Person
dasloth	educater	1	No specific role
dasluna	catwin	1	Developer
dasm80x86	sf-uw	1	Developer
dasman	xsltsl	0	Developer
dasman	cellular	1	No specific role
dasmaximum	jtagwiz	1	Developer
dasmaximum	java-link	0	Tester
dasmer	winportknocking	0	Developer
dasmith	motorobots	0	Developer
dasn	gobang	1	No specific role
dasn	vimcdoc	0	Developer
dasn	lrc	1	No specific role
dasnarian	pyavl	1	No specific role
dasnetz	dascybernetz	1	No specific role
dasnotgud	edf-project	0	Developer
dasolma	dnc-webparts	0	Developer
daspan	fsmg	1	Developer
daspan	almostateacher	1	Developer
daspek	tik	1	No specific role
daspek	tikpkgs	0	No specific role
dasplund	konstructstudio	1	Developer
dasprid	tremulous	0	Web Designer
dassanie	uncbats	0	Developer
dassburger	susanin	1	No specific role
dassen	jding	1	Developer
dassmann	akg-helpsite	1	All-Hands Person
dassouki	constructmanage	1	No specific role
dasspunk	jookbox	1	Project Manager
dastox	securephp	0	Developer
dastuf	inputconf	1	Project Manager
dastuf	ivtk	1	Project Manager
dastuf	spiraclock	1	No specific role
dastumteam	sapwebps	0	Developer
dast_panelnet	drace	1	No specific role
dasun	vmtlinux	0	Developer
dasyonic	power	1	Project Manager
das_aleph	firestormos	0	Developer
das_source	laos	0	No specific role
das_ubercow	galileorenderer	0	No specific role
data	estyx	1	No specific role
data	mspgcc	0	Developer
data	binars	1	No specific role
data2003	dsfdb	1	No specific role
data2003	discovery	1	No specific role
database5002	tlm	1	No specific role
databat	secure	1	No specific role
databeast	kertificate	1	Developer
datablade	wikideo	0	Graphic/Other Designer
databot	gm-box	0	No specific role
databrowserx	databrowserx	1	No specific role
databydesign	ids-config	0	All-Hands Person
databyte	m-n-mumps	1	Project Manager
datacharmer	mysql-sr-lib	1	No specific role
datacharmer	my-repl-play	1	No specific role
datacharmer	mysql-sandbox	1	No specific role
datacide	lightfusion	0	Web Designer
datacide	os-next	1	No specific role
datacompboy	erlide	0	Developer
datacrafter	webmdi	1	No specific role
datadictator	pretlug	1	No specific role
datadictator	iwld	0	Developer
datadictator	monsterous	1	No specific role
datadictator	akinimod	1	No specific role
datafabius	dvdrama	1	No specific role
dataforce	wallerscript	0	Developer
dataforce	aserv	1	No specific role
dataforceza	web-erp	0	Developer
datagazetteer	fedora-commons	0	No specific role
datagh0st	dgame	1	Developer
datagh0st	domination	1	Developer
datagh0st	phpsitekeeper	1	Developer
dataground	msaccesslib	1	No specific role
datahunter123	armedassault	1	No specific role
datakko	yplus	1	No specific role
datakko	libkext	1	No specific role
datal	osthreads	1	Developer
datal30mb	uasite	0	Developer
datalas	smoothwall	1	Developer
datallah	guifications	0	Developer
datallah	gaim-bnet	0	Developer
datallah	gaim-vv	0	Developer
datallah	gaim-blogger	0	Developer
datallah	gaim	0	Developer
dataman1958	libratawk	1	No specific role
datamatrix	redirect	1	Developer
datamgmt	googlesvcs	1	Project Manager
dataminer01	dataminer01	1	No specific role
datamonkey	ethermmorpg	1	No specific role
datamonkey	prahn	1	No specific role
datamorph	u4x	0	No specific role
datanga	jspoc	1	No specific role
datano	webenftpd	0	Web Designer
dataone123	xmlvindecoder	1	No specific role
dataorbiter11	mbcx	1	No specific role
dataratt	xbmc	0	Developer
datareel	gxcodelib	1	No specific role
datarunner	offline	1	No specific role
datarunner	mindora	1	No specific role
datascor	datascore	1	No specific role
datascor	bluebit	0	Developer
dataservice	sl-dnsupdater	1	No specific role
dataslayer	moengine	1	No specific role
dataspheric	linkspheric	1	No specific role
dataspy	dsnx	1	No specific role
datasurfer	neveroncharts	1	No specific role
datasurfer	lexer	1	Unix Admin
datasurfer	tkbot	1	Developer
datasurfer	totality	0	Web Designer
datasurfer	topcoderplugins	0	Developer
datasurfer	javalogo	1	All-Hands Person
datatab1	pluginmedia	1	No specific role
datatab1	wxcode	0	Developer
datatab1	wxdevide	1	No specific role
datatronics	dataviews	1	No specific role
datavirtue	moleculej	1	No specific role
datavortex	pn-modules	0	Developer
dataw0lf	linkinlogs	1	No specific role
datawalke	shatteredspirit	1	No specific role
datawalke	sitefuel	0	Developer
datawhore	urivalidator	1	No specific role
dataworm	pocketwarrior	1	Project Manager
datawrangler	heat-meteo	0	Developer
datawrangler	jabberfox	0	Developer
dataxb	xdccfetch	1	Developer
data_devil	oncms	0	No specific role
data_miner	bobo-browse	1	Developer
data_scavengers	nucleus	1	No specific role
data_worm	samesoft	0	Developer
daten	ettercap	0	Developer
datendrache	immunesoft	1	No specific role
datendrache	peekinside	1	No specific role
datenimperator	jflowengine	1	No specific role
datenimperator	webmacro	0	Developer
datenknecht	dkeditor	1	No specific role
datenkueche	datenkueche	1	No specific role
datenkueche	zforms	1	No specific role
datenwolf	openvotesystem	1	No specific role
datenwolf	glslmc	1	No specific role
datenwolf	hpval	1	No specific role
datenwolf	dgosp	1	No specific role
datenwolf	unitecs	1	No specific role
datexjoe	wlandscape	0	Developer
dath74	cryptux	1	No specific role
dathaifrench	klub	1	No specific role
dathanvp	mysqlgraph	1	No specific role
dathomp1	outl	1	No specific role
dathompson	campaignos	1	No specific role
dathui	physai	1	Developer
dathui	hackwarz	1	No specific role
dathunghan	youstickit	1	No specific role
datique	hierarchicalmap	0	Developer
dativecase	tinyhsm	1	No specific role
dativecase	fslog	1	No specific role
datjalb	prologpluscg	1	All-Hands Person
datkinson	inkubator	0	Developer
datla9	sudokusolver	1	No specific role
dator	omke	1	All-Hands Person
datoumou	openflex	1	No specific role
dato_fos	fosup	1	Developer
datroof	anmewoot	0	Developer
datsilencer	modplug	0	Developer
datsit	furthurnet	1	Project Manager
datta_sid	planetgenesis	0	No specific role
datta_sid	shift2ingres	0	Developer
datune3105	dbauditor	1	No specific role
daturaarutad	xrms	0	Developer
datygaibor	livecms	0	Developer
datz	pmbackup	1	Project Manager
datz	phpmybackup	1	All-Hands Person
datz	phpmypictures	1	No specific role
daubentonia	ubuntuguide-it	0	No specific role
dauclair	marlais	1	Project Manager
dauerfeuern00b	moepbot	1	Tester
daufderh	starstools	0	No specific role
daunay	oedtk	1	No specific role
dauphing	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
dausch	vxl	0	No specific role
dausech	spooler	1	No specific role
daust_de	oracle-apex	0	Developer
dautelle	jsr-108	0	Developer
dauti	blinkensisters	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
dauti	blinkserv	1	Developer
dauw	trackingsys	1	No specific role
dav10	jchempaint	0	No specific role
dav10	sapience	1	No specific role
dav10	hm-geosphere	1	No specific role
dav10	mulligan	1	No specific role
dav10	chessy	1	No specific role
dav10	cdk	0	Developer
dav1dt	rss2php	1	No specific role
dav480	tcl-nap	1	No specific role
davad	storage-manager	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
davagin	bfl	1	No specific role
davagin	jeq	1	No specific role
davagin	jmac	1	No specific role
davamundo	scr2css	1	No specific role
davarin	bre-revised	1	No specific role
davarlearn	davarlearn	1	No specific role
davb	aolserver	0	Developer
davb	thoughtstream	0	No specific role
davcamer	tofuunit	0	Developer
davcamer	allergen	1	No specific role
davcamer	ccnet	0	Developer
davcastro	dfwiki	0	Developer
davcastro	moodle	0	Developer
davclark	spm-toolbox	0	Developer
davconvent	collective	0	Developer
davconvent	plone-i18n	0	Developer
davdela	httpmapper	1	All-Hands Person
dave-f	formsess	0	Developer
dave-fox	sitemesh	0	No specific role
dave-g	planeshift	0	No specific role
dave-g	crystal	0	Developer
dave-miller	distanceengines	1	No specific role
dave-young	x24calc	1	No specific role
dave0	tdb	0	No specific role
dave0000	myfaces	0	Developer
dave1980	latex2db	1	No specific role
dave2268	staf	1	Developer
dave2wickham	bloat	1	All-Hands Person
dave32768	flow-stl	1	No specific role
dave5050	phpdba	1	No specific role
dave752	hcs	0	Developer
dave7x	cooltools	1	No specific role
dave84311	hoodoofusion	1	No specific role
dave84311	ammog	1	All-Hands Person
daveaaldering	postlister	0	Developer
daveabbott	route-dir	1	No specific role
daveahughes	peakmonitor	1	No specific role
davealger	archer-milter	1	No specific role
daveand5	clay3d	0	Graphic/Other Designer
davearter	pybackpack	1	No specific role
daveashby	mydocket	1	Project Manager
daveb	dachshund	1	Project Manager
daveba	cdrom	1	No specific role
davebatker	mimes	0	Developer
davebenson	mubber	0	No specific role
davebenson	pkgwrite	1	No specific role
davebenson	roundz	1	No specific role
davebenson	tokamak	1	No specific role
davebenson	wigwam	1	Developer
davebenson	codoc	1	No specific role
davebenson	ggis	1	No specific role
davebenson	gskdbi	0	Developer
davebenson	graphf	1	No specific role
davebenson	gsk	1	No specific role
davebenson	tacoplex	1	No specific role
davebenson	dvtk	1	No specific role
davebenson	fexpr	1	No specific role
davebenson	gdam	1	No specific role
davebenson	esn	1	No specific role
davebo	xamba	0	Developer
davebree	toolshed	0	Developer
davebren	iffl	0	Developer
davebrown	drachenfels	0	Developer
davebrul	xbreaky	1	No specific role
davebrul	megasquirtavr	0	All-Hands Person
davebsoft	dbschools	1	Developer
davec333	dtholdem	1	No specific role
davec80	starview	1	Developer
davecake	mathkit	0	No specific role
davecapella	storm-pim	0	Developer
davecarlson	igloo-office	0	Developer
davecheney	oscportal	1	No specific role
davecheney	davilish	1	No specific role
daveco	phatdb	1	No specific role
daveco	pyflag	1	Developer
daveco	mp3fs	1	No specific role
daveco	pystack	1	Project Manager
davecole	python-sybase	1	No specific role
davecole	pio	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
davecom	qbati2	1	Developer
davecom	triviatime	1	No specific role
davecorco	pkcs11	1	All-Hands Person
davecotter	a2pix	1	No specific role
davecotter	adfs	1	No specific role
davecramer	xmljreport	1	No specific role
davecramer	drools	1	Developer
davecramer	jpgadmin	1	Developer
davecramer	osdldbt	0	Developer
davecramer	opencourier	1	No specific role
davedaly	subethashare	1	No specific role
davedecaprio	conradcrf	1	No specific role
davedjc	uiuc-ide	0	No specific role
davedolan	refgen	1	No specific role
davedutson	autoweb	0	Developer
daveed	benel	1	Project Manager
daveells	cra	1	Project Manager
daveewart	colordiff	1	No specific role
daveewart	dosunix	1	No specific role
daveewart	mp3tag	1	No specific role
daveewart	unpack	1	No specific role
daveewart	htmlcal	1	No specific role
daveey	lecssim	1	Developer
davefalkenburg	jmri	0	Developer
davefaulkner	gnv	1	Project Manager
davefd2	phpicalendar	0	No specific role
davefdavef	scbugdb	1	No specific role
davefx	gnomint	1	Project Manager
daveguerin	pagetool	1	Developer
davegustafson	eccotools	1	No specific role
davehall84	datafix	1	Developer
davehandley	lextl	1	All-Hands Person
davehatsf	xui	0	Developer
davehayes	www-myspace	0	Support Technician
daveherbert	osrealestate	1	No specific role
davehigdon	xmpcr2	1	No specific role
davehiggins	mediadbs	0	Developer
davehigton	dci4driver	0	Developer
davehill	gimp-print	0	No specific role
daveho	asm48	1	No specific role
daveho	jlint	1	Project Manager
daveho	marmoset	1	No specific role
daveho	findbugs	1	No specific role
daveho	geekos	1	No specific role
davehod	jpodder	0	Developer
davehumphrey	mwedit	1	No specific role
davehumphrey	tes4code	1	No specific role
davehumphrey	dl-common	1	No specific role
davehumphrey	dfcode	1	No specific role
davehunter	osai	1	Developer
daveincali	dgwebminmodule	0	Developer
davej	pciids	1	Developer
davej	oprofile	0	Developer
davej	opengfs	0	No specific role
davej	powertweak	1	No specific role
davej	kernel-janitor	1	Project Manager
davej	sourcery	1	No specific role
davej	smartmontools	1	Developer
davej	x86info	1	No specific role
davejagoda	ssldump	0	No specific role
davejb	physicslib	1	No specific role
davejb	lightbikes3d	0	No specific role
davejh	liquorice	1	No specific role
davejh	ubicom-framebuf	1	No specific role
davejiang	crosscrash	1	No specific role
davejiang	bluesmoke	0	Developer
davejmartin	gbif	1	Developer
davejohnston83	smallgameengine	1	No specific role
davek	screem	1	Project Manager
davek	neutrino	1	No specific role
davekap	egstank	0	Developer
davekekish	nettiers	0	Developer
davekeller	jxweb	0	No specific role
davekeller	jxunit	0	No specific role
davekeogh	colorwalk	1	No specific role
daveklotz	larryjohnson	1	No specific role
davekok	xce	1	Project Manager
davekor	lucene	0	Developer
davekor	eqmaps	1	No specific role
davelasker	mp3gain	0	Developer
davelawrence	tigerdb	0	No specific role
daveli	xin	1	No specific role
davelopper	wonder	0	Developer
davelopper	macgpg	0	Developer
davelouw	pocketbrew	1	No specific role
daveluff	taxidraw	1	No specific role
daveluff	openatc	1	Project Manager
daveluff	atlas	1	Project Manager
davem408	autoaccept-sink	1	No specific role
davem69	dri	0	Developer
davem69	mesa3d	0	Developer
davemac2	mosevents	1	Project Manager
davemacblack	fckeditor	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
daveman692	yabbse	1	Project Manager
davemanriv	periodictables	0	Tester
davemarbacher	texniccenter	0	Developer
davemayo2000	stealthnow	1	No specific role
davemds	martinifm	1	No specific role
davemiddleton	ntorrent	1	No specific role
davemiddleton	dnsjibbajabba	1	No specific role
davemiller	swsm	1	All-Hands Person
davemink	minksonic	1	Project Manager
davemj	phpix3	1	No specific role
davemorris	eggdroptcl	1	No specific role
davenash	loki-exp	0	Developer
davencheez	daves-av-ss	1	No specific role
daveneti	isys2	0	Developer
daveneti	cmtv	0	No specific role
davenger	baseclasses	1	No specific role
davenorton	cflow	1	No specific role
davenstein	vimmer	0	Developer
daventhalas1	filesorterosx	1	No specific role
daventran	rodx-scm	0	Developer
daveotto	richtext	0	Developer
daveovercash	php-ftp	1	Developer
daveovercash	sword	0	Developer
daveovercash	simplemoney	0	Developer
davep	xbasemode	0	Developer
davep	pigmail	0	Developer
davepar	m2f	0	Developer
daveparlour	caltrop	0	Developer
davepermen	d-ass-project	1	Developer
davepk	diazy	0	Doc Writer
davepolaschek	whisper2	0	Developer
davep_droplet	timingsmonitor	1	No specific role
daveqb	tovid	0	Developer
daver	perldb	0	No specific role
daver18qc	apauth	1	No specific role
daverd	anarchist	1	No specific role
daverd	dav-text	1	No specific role
daverd	netmkrec	1	No specific role
daverd	mosaic	1	No specific role
daverd	freecol	0	Developer
daverdoo	gaijin-studio	1	Developer
daveread	formatcheck	1	No specific role
daveread	basicquery	1	No specific role
davereed	ffcalc	1	Developer
davereed	webcash	1	Developer
davereeder	beretta	0	Graphic/Other Designer
daverman	ntpath	1	No specific role
daveron	pymoo	1	Project Manager
daveron	moop	1	Project Manager
daverowntree	midess	1	Developer
daverufino	fbsd-nvdriver	0	Developer
daverutledge	mica2	0	Developer
daverx	vmpsconf	1	Developer
daverz	classicollect	1	No specific role
daves	tivo2dvd	1	No specific role
daves	jebi	1	No specific role
davesa	tbd	1	No specific role
davesag	cosproject	1	No specific role
davesag	theftproof	1	No specific role
davesag	dawgtasktracker	1	All-Hands Person
davesag	qalab	0	Developer
daveschroeder	fink	0	No specific role
davesearle	priceshare	1	No specific role
daveseff	swishd	1	Project Manager
daveseff	kphonecenter	1	No specific role
daveselinger	systray	1	Developer
davesheremata	meta-jb	0	Developer
daveshields	jikes	1	Project Manager
daveshields	openstil	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
davesjr	smb-scripts	1	No specific role
daveslord	blueberry	1	Project Manager
davesmith	ol2mbox	1	Developer
davesmith	linuxuk	1	No specific role
davesmith	freeamos	1	No specific role
davesnelling	unicore	0	Developer
davesnyd	tcl	0	Editorial/Content Writer
davesomebody	qazoo	1	No specific role
davesowerby	interact	1	No specific role
davest	libmagic	0	No specific role
davet20705	collapse	1	Developer
davetarbox	rshd	0	Developer
davetest	codepostal	0	No specific role
davetheave	openeducate	0	No specific role
davetheave	openbase	1	Developer
davetheave	attendance	0	No specific role
davethebrv	spriteworldx	1	Developer
davethestampede	jjack2	0	Developer
davetroiano	oreo	0	No specific role
davetroiano	niggle	0	No specific role
davetron5000	sqlplusplus	1	No specific role
daveulmer	issu	1	No specific role
davevehrs	pydsh	1	No specific role
davevehrs	podget	1	Developer
davevick	mvnsaloon	1	Developer
davevoorhis	tomatoide	1	No specific role
davevoorhis	wcp	1	Developer
davevoorhis	dbappbuilder	1	No specific role
davewasthere	browscap-ini	1	No specific role
davewave	glgenuswars	1	No specific role
davewave	starempiremmwbg	1	Project Manager
davewave82	new-frontiers	1	No specific role
davewbarrett	openibms	1	No specific role
davewhitla	hloader	0	Developer
davewoldrich	fit	0	No specific role
davewolfusa	compiere	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
davewraight	uncleunc	0	Developer
davewx7	pearls	0	No specific role
davewx7	wesnoth	1	No specific role
daveyc	doumo	0	Developer
daveyc	psposte	1	Developer
daveymars	dnc-two	0	Editorial/Content Writer
daveytjuh	dnfbb	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
davez0r	tsqldom	1	No specific role
davezanni	wikidebate	1	No specific role
davezilla	emotif	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dave_359	shadownet	0	Developer
dave_85uk	pamguard	0	Developer
dave_a	game-standards	0	No specific role
dave_bell	free60	0	Developer
dave_bouwman	arcdeveloper	1	No specific role
dave_campbell	netlinx-modules	0	Developer
dave_chatting	newtonbabel	1	No specific role
dave_chatting	curiosity	1	No specific role
dave_daniels	brandy	1	Project Manager
dave_edwards	opag	1	Project Manager
dave_ellis_12	objectinspector	1	Developer
dave_euser	ppin-banger	1	No specific role
dave_goldberg	curl-email	1	No specific role
dave_gr	opende	0	Developer
dave_hall	storm-pim	0	Developer
dave_harry_tod	alfa-bmf	0	Support Manager
dave_hoag	xjr	1	Project Manager
dave_hoag	jgrinder	1	Project Manager
dave_l	xoops	0	Developer
dave_little	phpweb	0	No specific role
dave_malcolm	conglomerate	1	No specific role
dave_mellinger	pamguard	0	Developer
dave_mills	zxgate	1	No specific role
dave_nerd	clamtk	1	No specific role
dave_nirschl	superg	1	All-Hands Person
dave_parker	prism-mc	1	No specific role
dave_peerenboom	codecrawler	0	No specific role
dave_peterson	sandbox	1	No specific role
dave_r_erickson	opstation-qt	1	Requirements Engineering
dave_sabine	pure-data	0	Doc Writer
dave_seidel	bluemusic	0	No specific role
dave_seidel	csound	0	No specific role
dave_shepherd	jodo	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dave_shepherd	responsiva	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dave_slaughter	nakedobjects	0	Developer
davgilb84	tinaa	0	Web Designer
davglass	yui	0	Developer
davglen	mhdc	1	No specific role
davi	tedtl	1	No specific role
davi	vmailadmin	1	No specific role
davi	cmph	1	No specific role
davi	htmlcxx	1	No specific role
davi182	linuxcall	0	Web Designer
davibu	yajal	1	No specific role
davibu	jcgrid	1	No specific role
david	gestdb	0	Developer
david	diablo	1	Project Manager
david	dfircd	1	Project Manager
david-c	dir2web	1	No specific role
david-fdez	vnuml	0	Developer
david-hoover	mtt	0	Developer
david-hoover	sequelbasis	1	No specific role
david-laurent	xcairn	1	No specific role
david-leozilla	picscan	0	No specific role
david-m	ocf-linux	1	No specific role
david-m	okvm	1	No specific role
david-norris	yapper	1	Project Manager
david-norris	sss-oscar	0	Developer
david-nqd	adatabase	1	No specific role
david-nqd	hwiki	1	No specific role
david-perez	qooxdoo	0	Developer
david-powell	openjtag	0	Developer
david-trattnig	bp-cms-commons	0	Developer
david-w	ncoda	1	No specific role
david0101	redkernel	1	Developer
david128	joesnewssystem	1	No specific role
david1486	mangu	1	Project Manager
david20321	inkubator	0	Developer
david24	nexus-re	1	No specific role
david24	gm-box	1	No specific role
david2610	matsim	0	Developer
david4286	virtualpond	1	No specific role
david4286	platinumcms	1	No specific role
david78	net2ftp	1	Project Manager
david89	lrlanadmin	1	Developer
david90	gendorbendor	1	All-Hands Person
david90	hebcal	0	Developer
david90	javahmo	0	Developer
david94	emailvis	0	No specific role
davida	mysql	1	No specific role
davidabreu	sexcat	1	No specific role
davidac17	pppd-mysql	1	No specific role
davidaco	p2pmud	0	Developer
davidahall	functionalj	0	Analysis / Design
davidahall	jga	1	No specific role
davidahouse	soaos	0	Developer
davidahutch	mockcentral	1	No specific role
davidakachaos	mb4s	1	Project Manager
davidakachaos	infoscherm	1	All-Hands Person
davidakachaos	collectionmanag	1	No specific role
davidalves	robocode2	1	No specific role
davidanderson	lejos	0	Developer
davidarno	bluefish	0	Developer
davidaustin	dros	1	No specific role
davidaustin	drobot	1	No specific role
davidaustin	ivm	1	No specific role
davidav	trans	0	No specific role
davida_uk	bottler	1	No specific role
davidbainbridge	mtosi-ri	1	No specific role
davidbarreda	otaac	0	Developer
davidbarreda	eotserv	1	No specific role
davidbarrett	ibsgallery	1	No specific role
davidbau	dqsd	1	Developer
davidbeers	episurveyor	0	Developer
davidbeers	sourcedit	1	No specific role
davidbeers	onboardc	1	Developer
davidbeltran	tango-ds	0	No specific role
davidbeoulve	nwnffpw	1	Project Manager
davidbindel	dc-sharp	0	Web Designer
davidbindel	lib5503	1	No specific role
davidbindel	phpoto	1	Project Manager
davidbizzo	osmr	1	No specific role
davidbl	apachedirlister	1	No specific role
davidblloyd	wbemservices	0	No specific role
davidbotta	opntag	0	Developer
davidbro	frontierkernel	0	Developer
davidbroadhurst	pychem	0	Developer
davidbrucehugh	naflapi	1	No specific role
davidcegarra	antivirus-ht	1	No specific role
davidcegarra	antivirus-nmda	1	No specific role
davidchadwick	saws	1	No specific role
davidchamberlin	pdq	1	Project Manager
davidchemla	phpdb2admin	1	No specific role
davidchipping	kwick	1	No specific role
davidchui	rapidrescue	1	Developer
davidchui	jftpd	1	No specific role
davidcimri	reqzilla	0	Developer
davidck	actl	1	No specific role
davidck	uxmp3	1	All-Hands Person
davidclavey	rat	1	No specific role
davidclifton	axiomengine	0	Developer
davidcnoel	replaypc	0	Developer
davidcoe	exuserfolder	0	Developer
davidcoe	dict-common	1	Developer
davidcok	cvsupdatecheck	0	Developer
davidcok	jmlspecs	1	Developer
davidcok	multijava	0	Developer
davidconnard	jmousewheel	1	Developer
davidconnell	psoweb	1	No specific role
davidcontreras	bluexare	0	Developer
davidcornish	projectlima	1	Developer
davidcorpstein	caribou	1	No specific role
davidcorpstein	chartfactory	1	No specific role
davidcorpstein	freecol	0	Developer
davidcougle	checkfacebook	1	No specific role
davidcroft	phpagi	0	Developer
davidcrosby	workingdir	0	All-Hands Person
davidcrosby	haste	1	Developer
davidcsi	astbilling	1	No specific role
davidcsterratt	winnow	1	Project Manager
davidcui	wv-cgbr-project	1	Developer
davidculler	tinyos	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
davidcw	dirac	0	Developer
davidcwu	gamescrafters	0	Developer
davidded	chan-sccp-b	1	Project Manager
daviddeharbe	agraphs	1	No specific role
daviddengcn	free-vision	1	Project Manager
daviddengcn	david-calendar	1	No specific role
daviddengcn	david-ddm	1	Unix Admin
daviddenny	tempos	1	No specific role
daviddgm	mebatch	1	No specific role
daviddibiase	centralize	1	No specific role
daviddisco	datatoolsdotnet	1	No specific role
daviddobbs	moblets	0	Developer
daviddoster	gwtools	1	No specific role
daviddpd	gfs4fbsd	1	No specific role
daviddpd	eolconverter	1	No specific role
daviddpd	demp	1	No specific role
daviddpd	demple	1	No specific role
daviddpd	devilrabbit	1	No specific role
davidds	moodle	0	Tester
daviddul	club610	1	Developer
daviddumas	bear	1	No specific role
davide87	angal	0	Developer
davidebarison	mogeci	1	No specific role
davideconsonni	worddictionary	1	No specific role
davideconsonni	decomment	1	No specific role
davideconsonni	csvtosql	1	Project Manager
davideconsonni	vendettamanager	1	No specific role
davideconti	mvcpython	1	Developer
davideconti	blenderdb	1	No specific role
davideconti	dbfeeder	1	No specific role
davidedex	pmdex	0	Developer
davidediruscio	koriandol	0	Analysis / Design
davidegirardi	personaljesus	0	No specific role
davidegiunchi	qmailadmin	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
davidehappy80	polaris4os	0	No specific role
davideicardi	dotnetinstaller	1	Project Manager
davideicardi	sourcegrid	1	No specific role
davidelenzarini	haggle	0	Developer
davidellis	nexhibition	1	No specific role
davidellis	steve-museum	1	Developer
davidellis	xinc	1	No specific role
davidemmett	kolo	0	Developer
davidendler	owasp	0	Developer
davidendler	owasp-test	1	No specific role
davidepasquero	tsaclientlib	0	Developer
davidepatti	ulysse	1	No specific role
davidepatti	noxim	1	Developer
davidepatti	epic-explorer	1	No specific role
davidepatti	mmdial	1	No specific role
davideprina	linguistico	1	Developer
davideprina	ooodocs	1	Developer
davidepuddu	polaris4os	0	No specific role
daviderhart	openh323	1	Project Manager
davidesperalta	xeditor	1	No specific role
davide_bz	weboeajax	1	Project Manager
davide_bz	spamco2	1	No specific role
davide_cerri	gamescrafters	0	Developer
davide_portelli	meshlab	0	Developer
davide_setti	labplot	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
davide_taibi	jlms	0	Developer
davidfancella	jazzplusplus	1	Developer
davidfancella	pyextractor	1	No specific role
davidfancella	pyalarm	1	All-Hands Person
davidfancella	alacrity	1	No specific role
davidfancella	armagetronad	1	Developer
davidfancella	dsbp	1	Project Manager
davidfange	mesord	1	Developer
davidfchu	znodemonitor	1	Project Manager
davidfchu	znodetemplate	1	No specific role
davidferreira	eclipsedotnet	1	Developer
davidfilmer	scoutsite	1	Developer
davidfox	jsctp	1	Project Manager
davidfq23	simple-shop	1	User Interface (UI) Designer
davidfranke	jeat	1	Project Manager
davidfraser	jtoolkit	1	No specific role
davidfraser	transana	0	Developer
davidfraser	translate	1	No specific role
davidfraser	vnc2swf	0	Doc Writer
davidfraser	xopenwin	1	No specific role
davidfraser	asaph	0	Developer
davidfraser	myoledb	1	Developer
davidfraser	pyado	1	No specific role
davidfraser	psyco	0	No specific role
davidfraser	pypaint	0	No specific role
davidf_	dirac	0	Developer
davidgao89	greenengine	0	No specific role
davidge	pawm	1	Project Manager
davidgentle	blogninja	1	No specific role
davidgentle	zineophile	1	No specific role
davidgeorge	xlink	1	No specific role
davidgeorge	openj2300	1	No specific role
davidgeorge	jams	1	No specific role
davidgeorge	cobra	1	No specific role
davidgewirtz	frontierkernel	0	Developer
davidghook	xjrt	1	No specific role
davidgk	resiprocate	0	Project Manager
davidglasser	sforzando	1	Developer
davidglo	mesmer	0	No specific role
davidgolding	clickfield	1	No specific role
davidgoly	javjabmessenger	0	Developer
davidgom1	p3d-shad	1	No specific role
davidgom1	sicomtp	1	Developer
davidgriffin	octalmachines	0	Developer
davidgsf	intelpcmp	1	No specific role
davidgsf	pocketconcert	0	Developer
davidgsf	legousb	1	Developer
davidgu	jnex	1	Developer
davidguerra	digger-reloaded	0	Developer
davidguerra	anotherpos	1	No specific role
davidh	openbeehive	0	No specific role
davidh	pileofpcs-mgr	0	No specific role
davidh916	poap	1	No specific role
davidh916	xmlpipedb	0	Developer
davidh916	razor-iv	0	Developer
davidhbigelow	timplesql	1	No specific role
davidhcchan	oscarmcmaster	1	No specific role
davidhedges	knowledgeoffice	0	Developer
davidhedley	dblatex	0	Developer
davidheld	boost-sandbox	0	Developer
davidhimself	xduffystuff	1	Unix Admin
davidhimself	wc2008	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
davidhimself	sealsystem	1	Project Manager
davidhope69	suicide	0	Tester
davidhutton	clear-box	0	Tester
davidhutton	thespg	0	Editorial/Content Writer
davidi	lattekom	0	No specific role
davidiag	robocup-msl	0	Developer
davidin	spdl	1	No specific role
davidj	idletunes	1	All-Hands Person
davidj	brick	0	All-Hands Person
davidjagoe	simulate	1	Developer
davidjagoe	bandsaw	0	No specific role
davidjagoe	hacksaw	0	No specific role
davidjanes	blogmatrix	1	No specific role
davidjanes	ipodder	0	Developer
davidjayjackson	izicontents	0	Developer
davidjbeirne	cyclone	1	No specific role
davidjbryant	jebl	0	Developer
davidjchapman	passwordsafe	0	Developer
davidjeffery	mercury	0	No specific role
davidji0	schematics	1	Developer
davidjk	sinapse	0	Developer
davidjmclaren	pamguard	1	Developer
davidjmurray	debtgpl	1	No specific role
davidjobes31770	sensornet	1	Project Manager
davidjobes31770	carc	0	No specific role
davidjoh	dia-pyatt	1	No specific role
davidjoin	ekailai	1	No specific role
davidjones	rcosjava	0	No specific role
davidjoyce13	dashflow	1	No specific role
davidjoyce13	jsat	0	No specific role
davidjoyce13	entertrack	1	No specific role
davidjswift	bls041206	1	No specific role
davidkamphausen	luabind	0	No specific role
davidkjames	freeframework	0	Web Designer
davidko1221	xptable	1	Developer
davidkra	scppcalc	1	No specific role
davidkra	cia-arc	1	No specific role
davidkrief	magiclantern	0	Developer
davidktw	ruv	1	No specific role
davidla1	xtruts	1	No specific role
davidla1	amida	1	No specific role
davidlaci	radiomaster	0	Developer
davidlallen	tivowebplus	1	Developer
davidlandwehr	solidforms	1	Developer
davidlandwehr	picax	1	No specific role
davidlaurent	nemesis-forum	1	No specific role
davidleal	stepmod	0	Developer
davidledbury2	xoops	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
davidlemphers	vstseclipse	0	Developer
davidlgoldberg	uix	1	No specific role
davidli	xoops	0	Developer
davidliebeherr	protogen	1	No specific role
davidlindholm	fairdj	1	Developer
davidliu1022	listtag	1	No specific role
davidlmansfield	mdbtools	0	Developer
davidloman	brlcad	0	Developer
davidlop	mp3jb	1	No specific role
davidlop	kindb	1	No specific role
davidlop	dabasy	1	No specific role
davidlop	prodiki	1	No specific role
davidlopez	trashpace	1	Project Manager
davidlopez	camelogh	1	No specific role
davidlopez	rouage	1	No specific role
davidlu	frontierkernel	0	Developer
davidludwig	pongbat	1	No specific role
davidludwig	gradeview	1	No specific role
davidludwig	claymore	1	Project Manager
davidludwig	dirksoft	1	No specific role
davidludwig	d3dsdl	1	No specific role
davidludwig	wpi-gdc	1	Project Manager
davidlukas	raygina	0	Developer
davidlumbreras	webexpress	1	Project Manager
davidlxm	myprofiler	1	No specific role
davidm-sf	linuxsh	0	Developer
davidm2002	liberum	0	Developer
davidm82	cuphd-water	1	Project Manager
davidm82	dbfinance	1	No specific role
davidma	pygss	1	No specific role
davidma	pylibpcap	1	No specific role
davidma	pylibnet	1	No specific role
davidma	python-ldap	0	No specific role
davidmalan	tinyos	0	No specific role
davidmam	sidb	0	Developer
davidmarchal	foxtrotfulltext	1	No specific role
davidmartinez	acceptance	1	No specific role
davidmartinez	autopatch	1	Developer
davidmartinez	hackerdude	1	Project Manager
davidmc24	simpleaim	0	Developer
davidmc24	zaphod	1	No specific role
davidmc24	mflow	1	Project Manager
davidmc24	doyen	1	Project Manager
davidmccabe	xose	1	All-Hands Person
davidmcnab	forpy	1	No specific role
davidmcnab	freeweb	1	No specific role
davidmcnab	freenet	0	Developer
davidmcnab	netforth	1	No specific role
davidmcnab	pythonfs	1	Project Manager
davidmcnab	pythoncard	0	Doc Writer
davidmcnab	pywm	1	No specific role
davidmcnab	spaminq	1	No specific role
davidmcnab	sqlobject	0	Developer
davidmcnab	leo	0	No specific role
davidmcnab	pyalsaseq	1	No specific role
davidmcnab	psst	1	No specific role
davidmcnab	pic18forth	1	No specific role
davidmcnab	palmpanel	1	No specific role
davidmertz	xml2python	1	No specific role
davidmertz	anygui	0	Developer
davidmf	j3d-pe	1	Developer
davidmhewitt	anotherbc	1	No specific role
davidmhewitt	amorphousx	1	No specific role
davidmhilbert	swapdv	1	All-Hands Person
davidmhill	papertrade	1	No specific role
davidmi	rhldc	0	No specific role
davidmiranda	ventas	0	Web Designer
davidmj	phpbb	0	Developer
davidmold	iptceditor	1	No specific role
davidmonichi	venividiwiki	0	No specific role
davidmonro	ppclinux	0	No specific role
davidmpye	xbox-linux	1	Developer
davidmrt	brainnt	1	No specific role
davidmtobias	smallwiki	1	No specific role
davidmuinos	perola	1	Developer
davidmuzy	xmlfr	0	No specific role
davidmwilliams	rags	1	No specific role
davidnebauer	refdb	0	Developer
davidneg	openeducate	0	No specific role
davidneg	wordlife	0	Developer
davidneg	attendance	0	No specific role
davidneg	iscs	0	Developer
davidnelson	osbillme	1	No specific role
davidnelson	pnlanguages	1	Project Manager
davidnelson	postnuke-tv	1	Unix Admin
davidnewcomb	mantisbt	0	Developer
davidnichols	tigerbooks	1	Developer
davidnyw	cloudphoto	1	No specific role
davidoc	poppi	1	No specific role
davidoff	opentv	1	No specific role
davidomeara	mvnsaloon	1	Developer
davidoo	ofbiz	0	No specific role
davidovsv	goldsection	1	No specific role
davidovsv	remotestart	1	Project Manager
davidovsv	pse	1	No specific role
davidovsv	siteengine	1	No specific role
davidpak	ingeniweb	0	Developer
davidpallison	myion-osgi	0	No specific role
davidparry	rewards	1	No specific role
davidparslow	orm-net	0	Developer
davidpaterson	aftoolkit	1	All-Hands Person
davidpeer	gorgon	1	No specific role
davidpeng99	jugsoft	0	Developer
davidpet	clipsit	0	Developer
davidpetraitis	tequila-auth	1	Distributor/Promoter
davidpettersson	tribok	0	Developer
davidpintor	planeta-b	1	No specific role
davidpk212	phpf	1	No specific role
davidpkirchner	modhotlink	1	No specific role
davidpmiller	slty-web	1	No specific role
davidpn	borlandchatbot	1	No specific role
davidprager	radioxml	0	No specific role
davidprieto	aubit4gl	0	Developer
davidqwk	ideachart	1	Developer
davidra	thecyberiad	1	No specific role
davidrabel	cassandre	0	Developer
davidragnar	aspinfinity	1	Project Manager
davidragnar	rdlwriter	1	No specific role
davidregtien	aaa	1	No specific role
davidrh	servletencoder	0	No specific role
davidrh	d3helix	1	No specific role
davidrigel	enkript	1	No specific role
davidrjburke	side4linux	1	No specific role
davidrobison	opendcl	1	No specific role
davidroden	transims	0	No specific role
davidrowe	tosi	0	No specific role
davidrr	paco	1	Developer
davidruso	xpricer	0	No specific role
davidrutter	xmltestsuite	1	No specific role
davidsanchez00	fada	0	Developer
davidsanchez00	swallow	0	Developer
davidsansome	apollon	0	Developer
davidsansome	kfiresaver	1	No specific role
davidsansome	krpmdrake	1	No specific role
davidsansome	blueide	1	Unix Admin
davidsansome	phpaphid	1	Project Manager
davidsantos	andaluz	0	Developer
davidsaxton	ktechlab	1	No specific role
davidsb	emirror	0	Developer
davidsbund	wett-p2p	0	Developer
davidsch	aaf	0	No specific role
davidsch	cssparser	1	No specific role
davidsch	netnews	1	No specific role
davidsch	narro	1	No specific role
davidschager	brightstar	1	No specific role
davidschein	riseproject	1	Project Manager
davidsegall	bpalogin	0	Developer
davidsetagaya	sepiapos	1	No specific role
davidsf555	gwanted	0	No specific role
davidsheeks	open2300graphs	1	No specific role
davidsiaw	omniathena	0	Developer
davidsingleton	dynamicpower	1	Developer
davidski	opencgraphs	1	Developer
davidsky	vtinetsvc	1	No specific role
davidsnider	ohno	1	No specific role
davidsonpaulo	guiabozolinux	1	No specific role
davidsonpaulo	lhaircapture	1	No specific role
davidsonpaulo	medwiki	1	No specific role
davidsoul	ephemeral	0	Graphic/Other Designer
davidspence	gsi-sshterm	1	Project Manager
davidspence	resumon	0	Unix Admin
davidsporn	websitesystem	1	No specific role
davidsporn	sporniketcore	1	No specific role
davidsteinman	vmtk	1	No specific role
davidstephenson	eidors3d	1	Developer
davidstrauss	teraband	1	Developer
davidstuart	jffmpeg	1	Developer
davidsullivan	vassalengine	0	Developer
davidsussi	almafuerte	1	No specific role
davidswelt	aquamacs	1	No specific role
davidswelt	texbunny	0	No specific role
davidswelt	wozos	1	No specific role
davidswelt	openccg	0	Developer
davidtannenbaum	updwww	0	Project Manager
davidtaylor	jedimath	0	Developer
davidteran	multieof	0	No specific role
davidteran	wonder	0	No specific role
davidthemoth	tdzmsn	1	No specific role
davidthi808	jbyjsharp	0	Developer
davidthi808	itextdotnet	0	Developer
davidthings	teleo	1	Developer
davidthings	makingthings	1	Developer
davidthorpe	multiserve	0	Analysis / Design
davidti	cs-cmdtools	0	Developer
davidtoro	ceres	0	Developer
davidtosslehoff	slythermud	1	Developer
davidtrowbridge	bzflag	1	Developer
davidtrowbridge	madm	1	No specific role
davidtrowbridge	view	1	Developer
davidtsao	jrealms	1	Project Manager
davidtsao	jlauncher	1	Project Manager
davidturner	scrabblesharp	1	No specific role
davidturner	cserver	0	Developer
davidturner	cxxgui	1	No specific role
davidturner	eduslug	0	Developer
davidturner	zadoda	0	Developer
davidturner	gloworm	1	Project Manager
davidturner	sudokusharp	1	No specific role
davidtweed	mouseterminal	1	No specific role
davidullrich	openuss	0	Developer
davidungar	self	1	Developer
davidv	ttftp	0	All-Hands Person
davidv	jslinked	0	No specific role
davidv1	nasbackup	0	Developer
davidvh	kicq	0	Developer
davidvilla	openvcc4	1	Project Manager
davidvilla	pyspanishdoc	0	No specific role
davidvilla	fischerlinux	1	Project Manager
davidville	melody	1	No specific role
davidvtaylor	instantobjects	0	Developer
davidw	jungerl	1	No specific role
davidw	megahal	1	No specific role
davidw	tclmagick	1	No specific role
davidw	tcllib	0	Developer
davidw	tcl	0	No specific role
davidw	tclpro	0	Developer
davidw	yakuwiki	1	Developer
davidw	scivoli	1	No specific role
davidw	scutigena	1	No specific role
davidw	graphicsmagick	0	Developer
davidw	hecl	1	Developer
davidw	htmlalbum	1	No specific role
davidw1974	ravl	0	Developer
davidwademiller	apml	1	No specific role
davidwallace	dictbucket	1	No specific role
davidwalter	pkttap	1	Project Manager
davidwann	homermx	1	No specific role
davidwaylonis	ekheti	0	No specific role
davidwbinns	swisswatch	1	Developer
davidweatherall	activelock	0	Developer
davidweisgerber	glucomodul	1	No specific role
davidweisgerber	kpumpe	1	No specific role
davidweisgerber	turbojet	1	No specific role
davidwilliams	gdbstubs	1	No specific role
davidwilson	libopus	1	No specific role
davidwithers	taverna	0	Developer
davidwoods	transana	1	Project Manager
davidworley	switchcss	1	Developer
davidws	jbotrace	0	Developer
davidwwalker	rtspspec	0	No specific role
davidwynn	doom3sdk	1	Developer
davidw_au	xinq	1	Developer
davidxanatos	stullemule	0	No specific role
davidxanatos	neomule	1	Developer
davidxu	qknowledge	0	Developer
davidxu1981	avrucos	1	No specific role
davidyang102	animecodec	1	No specific role
davidyu	openptt	1	No specific role
davidzarzar	engsoftblue	0	Developer
davidzitzels	egameboard	1	No specific role
david_	gok	1	No specific role
david_abrahams	docutils	0	Developer
david_abrahams	boost	1	No specific role
david_abrahams	boost-sandbox	0	Developer
david_ar2002	quality	1	No specific role
david_ascher	python	0	No specific role
david_ascher	numpy	0	Unix Admin
david_ascher	openexvis	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
david_ascher	docutils	0	Developer
david_ascher	pyopengl	0	Developer
david_biesack	eclipseexeditor	1	No specific role
david_c2d6	pdms	0	Developer
david_calculli	nla-geodata	1	No specific role
david_caruana	alfresco	1	Project Manager
david_chen	proemulator	0	Distributor/Promoter
david_chm	radi	1	No specific role
david_corrales	mediaconverter	1	No specific role
david_costanzo	openquartz	0	Developer
david_costanzo	bmptestsuite	1	No specific role
david_costanzo	fmslogo	1	No specific role
david_debarge	sears	0	Developer
david_degner	phpcollegeex	1	No specific role
david_delon	eflore	1	All-Hands Person
david_depry	openinvdata	1	No specific role
david_dvm	pybackuper	1	No specific role
david_d_b	projectfootball	1	Developer
david_elkouss	viwie	1	No specific role
david_fernandez	hal9000-epsa	1	No specific role
david_fernandez	wmi	0	Developer
david_fisher	lemur	1	Project Manager
david_ford	makeopensource	1	No specific role
david_ford	seetron-ssc	1	No specific role
david_ford	cotsec-commons	1	No specific role
david_ford	cotsec	1	No specific role
david_fox	flickrdesktop	0	No specific role
david_gendel	pap	1	No specific role
david_gervais	ultimatecrib	0	Graphic/Other Designer
david_gippner	vigilimp	1	No specific role
david_greene	boost-sandbox	0	Developer
david_hd	mrlpath	1	No specific role
david_hodge	nibbles3d	1	No specific role
david_hodge	gb-anywhere	0	No specific role
david_horat	wwhois	1	No specific role
david_horat	moodle	0	Developer
david_imboden	pythie-template	1	Developer
david_japaridze	fina	0	Developer
david_jeschke	voicecode	0	Developer
david_jg_white	opendcl	0	Doc Writer
david_jr	motiftools	0	Developer
david_j_dean	pcfa	1	No specific role
david_kane	maexplorer	0	Developer
david_kimont	albot	0	Developer
david_kimont	webcontact	1	Developer
david_kinder	magnetic	1	Developer
david_ko	mobilec	1	No specific role
david_larson	gtkextramm	1	Developer
david_lovegrove	opendgui	1	No specific role
david_l_frost	openuddi-dotnet	0	Developer
david_macmahon	tiniant	0	Developer
david_magic	eas	1	No specific role
david_mansergh	edl2aaf	1	Developer
david_mansergh	aaf	0	Developer
david_merrill	pure-data	0	Developer
david_mobach	nabazcontrol	1	No specific role
david_morales	openpnl	0	Developer
david_mortensen	tonal	1	Developer
david_nash	win32-framework	1	No specific role
david_nash	st-m	0	Developer
david_nichols	qore	1	Project Manager
david_n_m_bond	fizmezwebserver	1	No specific role
david_n_m_bond	exemplarmap	1	No specific role
david_pierron	spacetraderwin	0	Developer
david_ps	extfilesearch	1	Developer
david_ps	binml	1	Developer
david_ps	mapscout	1	Developer
david_randall	smple	1	No specific role
david_randall	pidb	1	No specific role
david_rc1981	ocrpg	0	No specific role
david_reid	wifi-box	0	No specific role
david_roussel	eaque	1	Project Manager
david_sanz	osmius	1	Project Manager
david_seidel	openi-cms	1	No specific role
david_seidel	mopore-togo	0	Project Manager
david_seidel	bluewonder	1	Project Manager
david_seidel	twobe	1	No specific role
david_stron	vgmapeditor	1	Developer
david_swe	phonascus	1	Developer
david_swe	warofgods	1	No specific role
david_swe	aquilla	1	No specific role
david_swe	ferox	1	Developer
david_t	light-princess	0	Graphic/Other Designer
david_t	spinvaders	0	Developer
david_t	spacepong	0	Developer
david_thomas	cs6725-prover	0	Developer
david_tosh	elgg	1	Project Manager
david_turing	jguard	0	Developer
david_turing	springside	0	Developer
david_turing	pgp	1	No specific role
david_turing	securex	1	Project Manager
david_us	processa	0	Developer
david_wilson	bird-park	1	No specific role
david__schmidt	adtpro	1	No specific role
david__schmidt	ijbswa	1	Developer
davieboyrawson	freemis	0	Developer
daviesh	atlasloot	1	No specific role
davie_webb	soapyigc	1	No specific role
davil	davilsphpbb	1	Developer
davila2929	e107	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
davilin	jrv-dimji	1	Developer
davilion	lilproxy	0	Developer
daviluan	mentaframework	0	Developer
davinci27	xoops	0	Developer
davinci79	esp-web	1	No specific role
davinci79	bibledave	0	Developer
davindavid	sptvideo	1	No specific role
davio-	sf2k	1	Developer
davipires	jats-project	0	Developer
davipires	telescope	0	Developer
davipt	qref	0	No specific role
davipt	newspipe	0	Developer
davirios	xmms-song-disp	1	No specific role
davis1415	qspacehulk	0	Developer
davisan	deathworks3d	0	Developer
davisd50	encode-data	1	No specific role
davisjf00	freemed	0	Developer
davisjf00	mbsystem	0	Analysis / Design
davisjf00	somd-rms	1	No specific role
davisjf00	acds	1	No specific role
davisjf00	oasisopen	1	Project Manager
davisjf00	php-packet2sql	1	No specific role
davisjl	chcchurch	0	No specific role
davisk6	mag-engine	1	Project Manager
davisking	dclib	1	Project Manager
davisking85	ajax-dev-lib	0	No specific role
davismd	mimsfw	0	Developer
davisml	gamebuilder	1	No specific role
davisml	cook-book	1	No specific role
davisml	padlock	1	No specific role
davismr	collective	0	Developer
davisnw	plecms	1	No specific role
davisnw	wordcorr	0	Developer
davison	footy	1	All-Hands Person
davison	springframework	0	Developer
davison	ooweb	1	Developer
davison	joss	1	No specific role
davison	comconnect	1	Developer
davison	reattore	0	Developer
davissoft	docsis-mt	1	No specific role
davissoft	twinkle-control	1	No specific role
davistv	metatag-admin	1	No specific role
davit	txtfl	1	Project Manager
davit	texttrix	1	Project Manager
davit	drscenario	1	No specific role
davit	youngdiary	1	No specific role
davit	jarajar	1	No specific role
davitf	hide-in-picture	1	No specific role
davit_e	vcb	0	Developer
davkelle	felyx	0	Developer
davl	business-arena	1	Project Manager
davlin	harc	1	Project Manager
davmcdan	cosi-nms	1	Developer
davmyers	linux-iscsi	0	Developer
davoid	gent-inst	1	No specific role
davoid	uji	1	No specific role
davoid	nevolutio	1	No specific role
davoli	eclpropfileedit	1	Project Manager
davood	simulator8051	1	No specific role
davor-aster	mod-dsp	1	No specific role
davor-aster	utl-ftp	1	No specific role
davor242	gls-fps-3d	0	Developer
davorg	insect	0	No specific role
davorg	nms-cgi	1	Project Manager
davorsiklic	harbour-project	0	Developer
davortrex	windpc	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
davosmith	palmlook	1	No specific role
davoud7	tahoe	0	No specific role
davoutplantaire	smart-mm	1	No specific role
davoutplantaire	paperblog	1	No specific role
davren	basic-cms	1	No specific role
davrieb	sweb	0	Developer
davrieb	centerim	1	No specific role
davro	standardpattern	1	No specific role
davro	spamproofwiki	0	Developer
davro	phpmydata	1	No specific role
davro	irm	0	Developer
davros1970	pyzerk	1	Developer
davros1970	grumsh	1	No specific role
davsag	jidvolo	1	Developer
davsmith	nexta	1	No specific role
davsmith	settle	1	Developer
davsmith	codepostal	1	No specific role
davswa	tinysql	1	Project Manager
davtech	davtech-apps	1	No specific role
davus	pusehotel	0	Developer
davut06	bukalemun	1	No specific role
davve	davves	1	No specific role
davy-casaprog	casapro	0	Developer
davy2002a	q2e	0	No specific role
davyboy79	rconed	0	Developer
davychiu	ipeer	1	Developer
davychiu	groupwiki	1	Developer
davydmadeley	matrices	1	No specific role
davydmadeley	dmsearch	1	No specific role
davydov	rtext	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
davygrvy	iocpsock	1	Project Manager
davygrvy	incrtcl	1	No specific role
davygrvy	tomasoft	1	Project Manager
davygrvy	tktable	0	Developer
davygrvy	tktoolkit	0	No specific role
davygrvy	expect	0	Developer
davygrvy	tcldp	1	No specific role
davygrvy	tcl	0	Developer
davygrvy	tclpro	1	No specific role
davylaker	doujia	1	No specific role
davyp	civquest	0	Developer
davywybiral	basic4sdl	1	No specific role
davyzhu	ldpc	1	No specific role
davyzhu	tortoisecvs	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
davy_bartoloni	plastic-life	1	No specific role
dav_jan	nanodesigner	0	No specific role
dav_mc	yawi3d	1	Developer
dav_mc	mars	1	Project Manager
dav_sav	all-plasm	1	No specific role
daw	securenfs	1	Project Manager
daw617	mopscode	1	Project Manager
daw617	catchconv	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dawa	cpm	1	No specific role
dawalamasherpa	go-on	0	Developer
dawalin	pubib	1	No specific role
dawan	dawanlook	1	No specific role
dawanderer	mikesmpplugins	1	No specific role
dawayu	dawa	1	No specific role
dawayu	jpacket	0	Developer
dawayu	ai-horus	0	Developer
dawayu	cayambe	0	Developer
daweonline	gsrs	1	No specific role
dawes	dri	0	Developer
dawes	dmx	0	Developer
dawes	xfree86	1	No specific role
dawesc	shagweb	1	No specific role
dawho9	bbviewer	1	No specific role
dawho9	portalxp	1	No specific role
dawi	xenox	1	Developer
dawickeddj	bingoadminutil	1	No specific role
dawidcha	adeopensite	1	All-Hands Person
dawidcha	hydrate	1	No specific role
dawidd	thassi	1	No specific role
dawidek	cerber	1	Project Manager
dawidk	h2o-project	1	No specific role
dawidk	backport-jsr166	1	No specific role
dawidk	janet-project	1	No specific role
dawidk	rmix	1	No specific role
dawidk	emory-utils	1	No specific role
dawidneo	nabubenchmark	1	No specific role
dawidweiss	morfologik	0	Developer
dawidweiss	ossmole	0	No specific role
dawidweiss	opheliadev	1	No specific role
dawidweiss	carrot2	1	Developer
dawidweiss	ispell-pl	0	Developer
dawilby	xoops	0	Developer
dawild	systemimager	0	Developer
dawillia	coupa	1	No specific role
dawiloki	jkc	1	Developer
dawilson375	open1451	0	Developer
dawiseman7	ultimatefrisbee	1	Developer
dawithers	journalness	0	Project Manager
dawithers	md5crkphpgui	1	No specific role
dawity	jung	0	Developer
dawitz	zamis	1	No specific role
dawizard	volumemeter	1	No specific role
dawmail333	silver-light	1	No specific role
dawnbreak	jijo	1	All-Hands Person
dawnbreak	oft	1	Project Manager
dawncaller	semantool	1	Developer
dawnerd	ojaicms	1	No specific role
dawnfield	msi-workgroups	0	No specific role
dawnfield	micheck	1	Project Manager
dawnfield	mibbi	1	Project Manager
dawnfield	gensc	1	Developer
dawnfoster	compiere	1	Project Manager
dawnlinux	eclipsexul	0	Developer
dawnmist	pernband	0	Developer
dawnquiver	jlmap	1	No specific role
dawnshadow	koelib	0	Developer
dawntal	phpbbheb	1	No specific role
dawnthorn	asmo	1	Developer
dawnthorn	oboeru	1	No specific role
dawn_guy	ona	0	Developer
dawo	lockss	0	Developer
dawoun	anyedit	0	Developer
dawoun	anyspell	1	Project Manager
dawoun	mcode	0	Developer
dawoun	girl	0	Developer
dawson11	colimamud	0	Developer
dawsonc	tktoolkit	0	Developer
dawszy	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
dawszy	istats	0	Developer
dawus	thallo	1	No specific role
dawus	eafs	1	No specific role
dawus	firescr	1	No specific role
dawus	slonycool	1	No specific role
dawus	reinos	1	No specific role
dawust	editoolpro	1	No specific role
dax5	granada	0	No specific role
daxamite	mathaiml	1	No specific role
daxamite	daxcer3	1	All-Hands Person
daxara	rocugame	1	No specific role
daxav	emis	1	No specific role
daxcurson	jcardgames	1	Project Manager
daxcurson	procmon	1	Developer
daxiawj	clunc	1	No specific role
daxlec	oslc	1	No specific role
daxmax	browse	0	Developer
daxomatic	gtsek	1	Project Manager
daxtojeiro	megatunix	0	No specific role
daxtojeiro	megasquirt	0	Developer
daxweb	bluewalk	0	Developer
daxx909	diggin	1	No specific role
daxx909	shredd	1	No specific role
daya1234	sphinxserver	1	No specific role
dayamo	biff	0	Developer
dayankayano2	tagarellawp	1	No specific role
dayash	securityfilter	0	Developer
daya_k	datmanx	1	No specific role
dayel	jnetmanager	0	Developer
dayf	navigable	1	No specific role
dayf	wiksar	1	No specific role
dayf	hyperspider	1	No specific role
dayf	operanotes	1	No specific role
dayfivenz	tampambasic	1	No specific role
daymarvi	enlightenment	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
daymobrew	bussched	1	No specific role
daymobrew	care2002	0	Developer
daymobrew	pkgbuild	0	Developer
daymon	openshowcenter	0	Developer
dayne	efw	0	Support Manager
dayo	agranger	1	Project Manager
dayo	libiso	1	No specific role
dayo	sharphound	0	Developer
dayoman	yocms	1	No specific role
dayre	gtrlabs	1	No specific role
dayrontbs12001	phpagendascript	1	No specific role
daytranno	d2gd	1	Developer
dayu	olims	0	No specific role
dayul	mailtc	1	Project Manager
daywalker	licq	0	No specific role
daywalker	knode	0	No specific role
daywalker	valgrind	0	Developer
daywalker	avifile	0	Developer
daywalker3	phpeasyt	1	No specific role
daywalker3	tortoise-mail	1	Developer
daywalker313	stgc	1	No specific role
daywalkerinc	imggallery	1	No specific role
daywalkerinc	rovvideos	1	No specific role
dayzleaper	boombox	0	Web Designer
dazecoop	cmmps	1	No specific role
dazed	proximus	1	Analysis / Design
dazhdbog	clalerts	1	No specific role
dazibo	dazibo	0	Developer
dazjorz	dazphp	1	Developer
dazks	airline	1	No specific role
dazlee	konfabulatrix	1	No specific role
dazo	epgsqldb	1	Project Manager
dazo	pgfindfile	1	No specific role
dazo	hours	0	Developer
dazuma	glow	1	Project Manager
dazuma	turtletracks	1	No specific role
dazuma	asaph	1	Project Manager
dazw	gijbman	0	No specific role
dazzac	eqdkp	1	No specific role
dazzerjp	jkeitai	1	No specific role
dazzle	crcontrol	1	No specific role
da_big_fish	gnome-courier	1	No specific role
da_bindi	szglab4-2k6	1	No specific role
da_boun	kpod	0	No specific role
da_boun	comvironment	0	Developer
da_dho	gb-anywhere	1	No specific role
da_fileserver	haloed	1	No specific role
da_fileserver	wastedotnet	1	Developer
da_fileserver	phpfileman	1	Project Manager
da_fileserver	phpchallenger	1	Developer
da_flo	chryzodus	1	No specific role
da_king	radmind	0	Developer
da_loki	svneditor	1	No specific role
da_mage	robocuprescue	0	Developer
da_mak2000	ccssadventure	1	Project Manager
da_mav	frickle	1	No specific role
da_newbee	logicgate	1	No specific role
da_olaf	zitrostats	1	No specific role
da_pabou	decentvpn	0	Content Management
da_spaceman	openb2b	1	Project Manager
da_stranger	sector37	1	Project Manager
da_stranger	fimas	1	No specific role
da_stranger	glscene	0	Developer
da_vila	pagetool	0	Developer
da_vinci	lumm1	0	Developer
da_vorpal_blade	tuxfire	0	Developer
da_weezle	blood	0	No specific role
db0iuz	ham-pager	0	Developer
db1968	alogfilter	1	No specific role
db1973	tustena	0	Developer
db2agent	lightbringer	0	Developer
db4	xdb4	1	No specific role
db4194	rubox	0	Developer
db75	bluegps	1	No specific role
db8192	cmph	0	Developer
db90h	procsup	0	Developer
dbabicwa	assetssosimple	1	Project Manager
dbabits	cheapcom	1	No specific role
dbabits	hfsm	1	No specific role
dbacar	anatoliamud	0	No specific role
dbadaniel	dbadaniel	1	No specific role
dbader	multicore-swarm	1	Project Manager
dbader	cellbuzz	1	No specific role
dbaelde	savonet	1	Developer
dbaelde	fractcompr	1	Developer
dbaelde	ocul	1	No specific role
dbaeli	disphorm	1	No specific role
dbaeli	jcaptcha	0	Developer
dbagnall	p4wn	1	No specific role
dbagnall	upstage	1	No specific role
dbagnell	jnumerical	0	Developer
dbai	tajaxable	1	Developer
dbaktiar	cvloginfilter	1	No specific role
dballadb	swfembed	1	No specific role
dballester	rxchoose	1	Project Manager
dbalzer	emosxtc	1	Project Manager
dbam	commonfwlib	1	No specific role
dbarashev	ganttproject	1	Developer
dbarashev	regxp	1	Project Manager
dbarashev	antigrator	1	Project Manager
dbarashev	xanswer	1	Project Manager
dbarashev	xmailer	1	No specific role
dbarashev	xmlapplication	1	No specific role
dbarbot	fastplayer	1	All-Hands Person
dbarbour	genjutsu	1	No specific role
dbarclay10	markybobdeb	1	Project Manager
dbarclay10	markybob	1	No specific role
dbarnard	panda3d	0	Developer
dbarnier	gbif	1	All-Hands Person
dbaron_ks	heaven7	1	Developer
dbarre	saftest	0	Developer
dbarrera	ltp	0	Developer
dbarrero	kwmail	1	Developer
dbarron	foodcoop	1	Developer
dbarry	pyfavconv	1	No specific role
dbarski	ticenter	0	No specific role
dbarski	mtic	1	Developer
dbarski	dboxjffs2	0	No specific role
dbarski	wds-scripts	1	Developer
dbarth	marvel	1	No specific role
dbarth	imc	1	No specific role
dbartold	terraform	1	All-Hands Person
dbarton20	falconmail	1	Project Manager
dbascii	dataradar	0	Requirements Engineering
dbasken	iirc	1	No specific role
dbatcn	jademx	1	All-Hands Person
dbatcn	semantical	1	All-Hands Person
dbatcn	caboodlesc	1	All-Hands Person
dbateman	simulbot	1	Unix Admin
dbattams	ddnssync	1	No specific role
dbattams	mythtv-tools	1	No specific role
dbauman	safsdev	0	Developer
dbaumber	upnp	1	Project Manager
dbaz	openbravo	1	Developer
dbb	lsb	0	Developer
dbbd	linux-iscsi	0	Developer
dbbd	iometer	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
dbcooper	zope-edu	1	No specific role
dbcri	dbcri	1	No specific role
dbd22	phantasmal	0	Developer
dbdao	utspas	0	No specific role
dbday	sqlprocessor	1	No specific role
dbday	lakeshore	0	Developer
dbday	jerrorreporter	1	Project Manager
dbdbernard	sticsperformer	0	Developer
dbddhkp	seaconquer	1	No specific role
dbdom	cinoe	1	Developer
dbe	jgammon	1	All-Hands Person
dbeachy1	flexstor	0	Developer
dbeachy1	oacbpmf	1	Developer
dbeachy1	orbitervis	0	No specific role
dbeachy1	orbiterdotnet	0	Developer
dbeauregard	buildtemplate	0	Developer
dbeauregard	mocklib	0	Developer
dbeck	akarmi	1	All-Hands Person
dbedit	dbedit2	1	No specific role
dbeeman_5	genesis-sim	1	Project Manager
dbeenham	aaf	0	Developer
dbeguin	easybo	1	Developer
dbeisert	sitegen	1	Project Manager
dbelch	pastepro	0	Developer
dbeleznay	scorched3d	1	Developer
dbelliz	smtpblock	1	No specific role
dbelous	jreminder	1	No specific role
dbelous	xreport	1	No specific role
dbemerlin	rrpp	1	No specific role
dbemerlin	dbipp	1	No specific role
dbemerlin	lyza	1	No specific role
dbenbenn	thompson-calc	1	No specific role
dbenders	linceeyes	1	No specific role
dbenedetto	saftest	0	Developer
dbenedykt	radiofox	1	Developer
dbenedykt	letsplay	1	No specific role
dbenedykt	mbsf	0	Developer
dbenesch	tdm	1	No specific role
dbenjamin	dirstandards	1	No specific role
dbennett8601	wcwebtools	1	Project Manager
dbenoliel	text2phone	1	No specific role
dbenzhuser	hausima	0	Developer
dbera	yabi	1	No specific role
dberansky	gallerynewblock	1	No specific role
dberenguer	opnode	1	No specific role
dbergerson	sim6812	0	No specific role
dbergerson	motorobots	0	Developer
dbergerson	c681xbots	0	Developer
dbergert	jpos	0	Developer
dberkola	midwatch	0	No specific role
dberlin	banshee	0	No specific role
dberlin	supybot	0	Developer
dberlin123	autotorrent	1	No specific role
dberlin123	farpyguie	1	Project Manager
dberndt	axplug	1	No specific role
dberndt	xplug	1	Developer
dberner	autoap	1	Developer
dberner	systemcxml	1	Developer
dbernh	mged	0	Developer
dbernstein	archive-crawler	0	Developer
dberthelotte	d20helper	1	Project Manager
dbertolo	cwlan	1	No specific role
dbertolo	voipox	1	Developer
dbertolo	xenamo	1	Developer
dberton	grim	1	No specific role
dberton	clementine	1	No specific role
dberton	localsql	1	Project Manager
dbertrand	aaf	0	Developer
dbeschorner	easytimetracker	1	Project Manager
dbest1	soccerman	1	No specific role
dbethancourt	mynewsreader	1	All-Hands Person
dbetournay	webfolio	1	Developer
dbetti	watlab	1	Project Manager
dbettoni	smslib	0	Developer
dbetz	cosy	0	Developer
dbeusee	yahoopops	1	Developer
dbeusee	ypops	1	Project Manager
dbflower	rioplay	1	Project Manager
dbfman	newbasic	0	Developer
dbgt	dbgt-ri	1	No specific role
dbgt	dbgt-ri2	1	No specific role
dbguardian	dbguardian	1	No specific role
dbh21	luntbuild	0	Developer
dbhoot	netpy	0	Developer
dbi	lug-bg	0	Developer
dbi	ibpp	0	No specific role
dbi	fillets	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dbi	flamerobin	0	Developer
dbibbens	xobjex	1	Developer
dbickett	pywracer	0	Developer
dbickett	concurrence	1	Project Manager
dbiehl	smide2	1	No specific role
dbiehl	smide	1	All-Hands Person
dbindel	mems	0	Developer
dbingham	dctmutils	0	Developer
dbixler	eqcalendar	1	No specific role
dbjh	sneese	0	Developer
dbjh	ucon64	1	Developer
dbjlck	dbjforum	1	No specific role
dbkr	xmms-kde	1	Project Manager
dbl07	oslearn	1	No specific role
dbla	ferox	1	Project Manager
dblacka	beepcore-java	0	Developer
dblasby	geoserver	0	Developer
dblasby	geotools	1	No specific role
dblazakis	toc2lib	1	No specific role
dblazakis	atemu	1	No specific role
dblcdblu	dresden-ocl	0	Developer
dblevins	gplugins	0	Developer
dblevins	openejb	1	Developer
dblevins	opene	1	No specific role
dblevins	slickedit	1	Content Management
dblevins	slick	1	No specific role
dblfly	cratos	1	No specific role
dblslash	bofhman	0	No specific role
dblslash	dwcc	0	Developer
dbluecouk	dblue	1	Developer
dbm-oss	jt400	0	Developer
dbm1175	cewi	1	No specific role
dbmdude	php4flicks	0	Developer
dbmsdeveloper	icaro	1	Project Manager
dbmsdeveloper	metrus	1	Project Manager
dbmws	mshutil	1	No specific role
dbn	fuzzed	1	No specific role
dbnraju	drowtales	0	Developer
dbobbert	jmdns	0	Developer
dbodea	comarquage	1	No specific role
dboegli	pists	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dboelter	free-orion	0	No specific role
dbogdel	genericlink	0	Developer
dboitnot	igcache	1	No specific role
dboitnot	phptasks	1	No specific role
dboitnot	realkids	1	No specific role
dbolack	gfclusterman	1	Project Manager
dbolgheroni	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
dbolgheroni	noweberdb	1	No specific role
dbolli	zasm	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
dbonengel	ixhash	1	No specific role
dbonev	cybercore	0	Developer
dbonino	dose	1	No specific role
dbonino	ontosphere3d	1	No specific role
dbonnell	dvdvault	0	No specific role
dbonnell	mtx	0	No specific role
dboos	visualx	0	Doc Writer
dborca	udos	0	No specific role
dborca	mesa3d	0	Developer
dborca	glide	1	No specific role
dboreham	ettcp	1	No specific role
dboreham	lsstack	1	No specific role
dborgmann	icalgen	1	No specific role
dborsalino	fire-soft-board	0	Developer
dbosso	netatalk	0	No specific role
dboth	fedorafrog	1	No specific role
dbotton	bachar	1	Project Manager
dbotton	gnavi	1	Project Manager
dboucard	cherrypy	0	Developer
dboucquey	druid	0	Developer
dboucquey	word2lyx	1	No specific role
dboulden	jvtool	0	Web Designer
dbouyssie	mfpaq	1	No specific role
dbowler	monoqle	0	All-Hands Person
dbowlerx	cdsa	1	Project Manager
dbowles	pas2dox	1	No specific role
dbowles	kwebdev	1	No specific role
dbowles	sql2dox	1	No specific role
dbowles	proc2dox	1	No specific role
dbox	exo	0	Developer
dbox	qdb	0	Developer
dboydits	phug	1	No specific role
dboyes	bbiso	1	No specific role
dboysnever	alohamoo	1	Developer
dbpad	amylase	1	Developer
dbpad	servletstudio	1	Developer
dbpad	dbpad	1	No specific role
dbpotgieter	libbt	0	All-Hands Person
dbpp	dbpp	1	No specific role
dbpp	pypyme	0	Developer
dbprism	dbprism	1	Developer
dbprog	discojet	1	Project Manager
dbr	gabber	0	Support Manager
dbr1ght	opensims	0	Developer
dbracciano	netimjava	1	Project Manager
dbradby	hibernator	1	No specific role
dbradby	hibernate	1	Developer
dbradby	subclipse	1	No specific role
dbradley	mesmerize	1	No specific role
dbradley	openocl	1	No specific role
dbradley	securizant	1	No specific role
dbradley	complexity	1	No specific role
dbradley	build	1	Project Manager
dbrahim	xmlchart	1	No specific role
dbrain	limb	1	Developer
dbraithway	pgmfi	0	Developer
dbrand	possl	1	Developer
dbrand	rioboot	1	No specific role
dbrandon	ardonril	1	Project Manager
dbrandt	odal	1	Developer
dbrandyb	cnc-command	1	Developer
dbraybrooke	hailmary	0	No specific role
dbredesen	traction	1	No specific role
dbregeon	creme	1	Project Manager
dbreiser	aqbanking	0	Tester
dbreiser	gwenhywfar	0	Tester
dbremner	nwpe	0	Developer
dbrenner1	agragator	1	No specific role
dbreslau	curl-email	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dbressler	alexandria-dev	1	No specific role
dbreyer	tasktime	1	No specific role
dbrhel	phpsso	1	No specific role
dbriankimmel	ksmarthouse	1	No specific role
dbriegert	ldapted	0	Developer
dbriegert	pb-webmaui	0	Developer
dbrighi	itopengame	1	Project Manager
dbright	sharpedit	1	Project Manager
dbright	wixgui	1	No specific role
dbroadwell	phpmediawikibot	0	Developer
dbrobins	ssh-sftp-perl	1	No specific role
dbrobins	libssh2	0	Developer
dbrockie	parbat	0	Developer
dbrodie	duff-gtk	1	No specific role
dbrogioli	multiexpfit	1	No specific role
dbrogioli	itifg	0	Web Designer
dbrogioli	jsci	0	Developer
dbrogioli	c6x-tools	0	Developer
dbrogioli	wtsa	1	No specific role
dbron_0	cpppl	1	No specific role
dbrookheim	gameserver-gg	0	Developer
dbrosius	findbugs	0	Developer
dbrosius	fb-contrib	1	Project Manager
dbrosius	bzflag	0	Developer
dbrosius	beansource	1	Project Manager
dbrosius	opencombat	0	Developer
dbrosius	schemalizer	1	Project Manager
dbrough	jjbox	1	Developer
dbrower	ceespot	1	No specific role
dbrownell	jusb	1	No specific role
dbrownell	jphoto	1	No specific role
dbrownell	sax	1	Developer
dbrownell	xmlconf	1	No specific role
dbrownell	linux-hotplug	1	Developer
dbrownell	linux-usb	0	Developer
dbrownstein	dacfr	0	Developer
dbruehlmeier	typo3xdev	0	Developer
dbruen	typo3xdev	0	Developer
dbruges	fireflycasino	1	No specific role
dbrutus	realcalendar	1	No specific role
dbruzzone	jvox	1	No specific role
dbryson	gterm	0	Developer
dbryson	libps	1	No specific role
dbryson	xbase	1	Project Manager
dbryson	wxia	1	No specific role
dbryson	xdb	1	Project Manager
dbryson	stopmojo	1	Project Manager
dbryson	tatelnet	1	No specific role
dbs	wmseti	1	Developer
dbs042wi	dbs042-warenver	1	No specific role
dbsoft	wxwindows	0	No specific role
dbssj	dbman	1	Developer
dbsys	jaspplus	1	No specific role
dbt	jamm	0	Developer
dbt	dratom	1	No specific role
dbt	cppman	1	No specific role
dbt	cart	1	Developer
dbt	pydns	0	Developer
dbt	wx4j	1	All-Hands Person
dbt23	cheatsheets	1	No specific role
dbt23	cuba	0	No specific role
dbteam	dbtime	1	No specific role
dbthaw	copes	1	No specific role
dbtsai	dbtsai	1	No specific role
dbu	viseia	1	No specific role
dbu	simplecard	1	No specific role
dbu	linkbase	1	Project Manager
dbu	knobot	0	Developer
dbucknell	hiccupmail	1	Support Manager
dbudai	repchat	1	Developer
dbudai	rojudge	1	DBA (Database Administrator)
dbudworth	xdoclet	0	Developer
dbuese	opensteam	1	Project Manager
dbuese	phpsteam	0	No specific role
dbufarini	harmless	0	No specific role
dbupdater	dbupdaterprj	1	Project Manager
dburanen	morphix	0	Developer
dburcaw	yup	1	No specific role
dburdick	isbiology	0	Developer
dburger	belvedere	1	All-Hands Person
dburgos	planning-edtask	1	No specific role
dburke	nsa	1	No specific role
dburken	ossim	1	Developer
dburkhalter	cayambe	0	Developer
dbusby	fedorabot	1	No specific role
dbusch1106	yacct5	1	Developer
dbush01	uptimenotifier	1	Project Manager
dbushdiecker	achaeacure	0	Developer
dbushong	athenarms	1	Project Manager
dbutano	spago	1	Developer
dbutler1986	solarwind	1	Project Manager
dbutnaru	basex	0	Developer
dbutnaru	perfidix	0	Developer
dbutter	qpe	0	Developer
dbu_de	win32forth	1	Developer
dbw192	opencombat	0	Developer
dbw192	bzflag	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
dbware	phpcrs	0	Distributor/Promoter
dbxdev	dreamboxx	1	Project Manager
dbxml	simclass	1	No specific role
dbxml	qfm	1	No specific role
dbystrit	tsc-tpm	0	Developer
dbystrit	tsc-build	0	Developer
dbystrit	stemkit	0	Developer
dbz12304	egstank	0	Developer
db_proj	dbproj	1	Developer
db_steele	battlecommander	1	Developer
db__	spazz	1	No specific role
dc-software	dcskbs	1	No specific role
dc-software	openarchaeology	0	Developer
dc-software	openbooking	0	Developer
dc0nklin	hs-card-catalog	0	No specific role
dc10	nxwcms	0	Developer
dc1847	ome	0	No specific role
dc2000	rideplot	0	Developer
dc2bar	pgmfi	0	Developer
dc2rpt	hams	0	No specific role
dc2rpt	irda	0	Project Manager
dc396	eiana	1	No specific role
dc7_	mxbb	0	Developer
dca	pyspanishdoc	0	Developer
dcab	ambulant	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dcabanis	sclive	1	No specific role
dcaffrey	pfaat	1	Project Manager
dcahrakos	onlineevo	1	No specific role
dcali	phplyric	1	No specific role
dcali	livecms	1	Developer
dcali	calendarix	1	Developer
dcamp	unidbtags	0	No specific role
dcampb	rhex	0	Developer
dcamposf	gambas	0	Developer
dcandela	openfxshakehost	1	No specific role
dcane	bb-linkchecker	1	No specific role
dcanning	eventcal-net	1	No specific role
dcannon	grts	1	Project Manager
dcaoyuan	humaitrader	1	Project Manager
dcaoyuan	erlybird	1	No specific role
dcaoyuan	blogtrader	1	No specific role
dcapel	vxl	0	No specific role
dcaplinger	spms	1	Developer
dcapps4140	vfdman	1	All-Hands Person
dcaragea	airldm	1	No specific role
dcarballo	abi	1	No specific role
dcardamo	collaboffice	1	No specific role
dcardamo	opag	1	No specific role
dcardozo	flexstor	0	Developer
dcarley	gutenpalm	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
dcarlisl	randyloops	0	Analysis / Design
dcarlo	jawmail	1	All-Hands Person
dcarlo	softballstats	1	No specific role
dcarlson27	gnetplot	0	Developer
dcarlyle	tymeacse	0	Developer
dcarpeneto	found	1	No specific role
dcarroll_sforce	sforce	1	Developer
dcart	mp3juggler	1	Project Manager
dcartoon	msoup	1	No specific role
dcastagna	genetik	1	Developer
dcastro5	liamail	1	Developer
dcatoffm	uprd	1	No specific role
dcau	gallery	0	Developer
dcau	gallery-contrib	0	Developer
dcaunt	link-farmer	1	No specific role
dcazzulino	mvp-xml	1	Project Manager
dcazzulino	n-matrix	1	No specific role
dcazzulino	schematron-net	1	No specific role
dcazzulino	xgof	1	No specific role
dcazzulino	dotcvs	1	No specific role
dcazzulino	dotnetopensrc	1	Project Manager
dcbarrientos	secor	1	No specific role
dcbarrientos	jserweb	1	No specific role
dcbeatty	meetmanager	1	No specific role
dcbill	cppisf	0	Developer
dcbrixia	zaxas	0	Doc Writer
dcbutler	universe	0	Developer
dccollie	boothbox	1	No specific role
dccote	xgridagent	1	Project Manager
dccp2	dccp	1	No specific role
dcdemon	dcnexusrpg	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dcdev12345	ddnd	0	No specific role
dcdunn	cspp	1	No specific role
dcech	phpsmash	1	No specific role
dcech	phpgacl	0	Developer
dcech	adodb-xmlschema	1	Project Manager
dcengija	phpfe	1	No specific role
dcengija	judita	1	No specific role
dcengija	jcfd	1	No specific role
dcengija	struts-wml	1	No specific role
dcengija	exsim	1	No specific role
dcengija	tikiwiki	0	Developer
dcepler	cfopenbb	0	Developer
dcerda-oss	uddi4j	0	No specific role
dcfedor	metaverse	0	Developer
dcfox	natlink	0	Developer
dcfox	voicecode	1	Developer
dcgabriele	dlab	0	Developer
dcgibbons	jtape	1	No specific role
dcgibbons	icybee	1	No specific role
dcgibbons	herald	1	All-Hands Person
dcgomes	jpacsim	1	Project Manager
dcgomesxldb	webstore	1	No specific role
dcgrigsby	narrativejs	1	Developer
dch3njw	ipm-hpc	0	Developer
dchamberlin	firebird	0	No specific role
dchandler	fieldling	0	No specific role
dchandler	gplconx	1	No specific role
dchandler	thdltools	1	Project Manager
dchang_ca	acmgr	1	Developer
dchannon	middlegen	0	Developer
dchannon	hibernate	0	Developer
dchannon	xdoclet	0	No specific role
dchao	mlabtismodel	0	Developer
dchapes	sossnt	1	Developer
dchapes	opencbp	1	All-Hands Person
dcharlton	brainstraindbg	1	No specific role
dchasman	sforce	1	Developer
dchau	bigpimpin	0	Developer
dcheckoway	xorm	0	Developer
dchelimsky	fitnesse	0	Developer
dchelimsky	fitnessedotnet	1	Project Manager
dchemko	baremetal	1	No specific role
dchen2	webma	0	Developer
dcherk	layout-taglib	1	Developer
dcherk	sitetree	0	Developer
dcherk	jadeutil	1	All-Hands Person
dcherk	jadeemail	1	All-Hands Person
dchetverikov	katar-lib	1	No specific role
dchilot	stareditor	1	Project Manager
dchilot	cacawet	1	Developer
dchirita	ivoter	1	No specific role
dchmelev	pols	1	Developer
dchoate	cosi-nms	1	No specific role
dchoby98	adium	0	No specific role
dchouina	helpmeict	0	Developer
dchri	fidicl	1	Project Manager
dchri	firebird	1	Tester
dchrisc	eventcp	1	No specific role
dchrisc	augur	1	No specific role
dchristensen	clint-sc	0	Developer
dchristian	pgdb	1	No specific role
dchud	unalog	1	No specific role
dchud	jake	1	No specific role
dchud	oss4lib	1	No specific role
dchwalisz	bossman	0	Developer
dcielen	atalebegins	1	Editorial/Content Writer
dcielen	myworld	0	Editorial/Content Writer
dcilliers	symbian3d	1	No specific role
dcinege	ripperx	1	Project Manager
dcipher	sslite	1	No specific role
dcj	agendac	0	Developer
dcjames	metabrowser	1	No specific role
dcjea	sensorware	0	Developer
dcjim	python	0	No specific role
dcjm	polyml	1	No specific role
dcjm	freemheg	1	No specific role
dcjsmith	open-outcomes	0	Doc Writer
dck13	palamedes	1	No specific role
dck13	boardy	1	No specific role
dckong	chjpeg	1	No specific role
dcl0cim	chessrogue	1	No specific role
dcl0cim	kaya	1	Developer
dclark	twitch	1	No specific role
dclark	pysdl	1	No specific role
dcldnl	customer-touch	1	All-Hands Person
dcldnl	babele	1	Project Manager
dclem	blogmail	1	Developer
dclemmensen	ttypatch	1	No specific role
dclevela	phpstudiodev	1	All-Hands Person
dcleyne	legatus	1	No specific role
dcline	monkeywrench	1	No specific role
dcline	bingox	0	No specific role
dclinton	avacet	1	No specific role
dclinton	avian	1	Developer
dclinton	perlbeans	1	No specific role
dclinton	perl-cache	1	Developer
dclinton	filecache	1	No specific role
dclogin	l2j-c2datapack	0	Developer
dcmastor	wordlist-tool	1	No specific role
dcmeatte	vsnav	1	Project Manager
dcmorris	ccnet	0	Developer
dcms	distro-project	0	Developer
dcmsze	ebxmlms	0	Developer
dcmsze	piazza	0	No specific role
dcmwai	arias	1	Project Manager
dcn	cronosched	0	No specific role
dcnc	stats-img	1	No specific role
dcnds	dcnds	1	No specific role
dcoder_	dspack	1	Project Manager
dcoding	homap	1	Developer
dcody	simpleprint	1	No specific role
dcoen	safsdev	0	Developer
dcogan	zang	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dcohen	pyagent	1	Project Manager
dcohen	asynchttp	1	Project Manager
dcohenmartoy	acmup	0	Developer
dcole	workorders	1	No specific role
dcoletti	whale-sqlfilter	0	Developer
dcoletti	bkptomail	1	No specific role
dcoletti	orbitald	1	No specific role
dcolley	netsimple	1	No specific role
dcollice	billy-hard	0	Developer
dcolling	bazaar	1	No specific role
dcolwell	arch4j	1	Developer
dcoming	openpl	1	Developer
dcommander	virtualgl	1	No specific role
dcompton	newsml-toolkit	1	Project Manager
dconescu	mecasp	1	Project Manager
dconlan	logview4j	0	Developer
dconnet	agilitybook	1	Project Manager
dconrad1	matroskaqt	1	Developer
dcontard	gexpert	1	Project Manager
dcook32p	unisef	1	No specific role
dcooper8	gwl	1	No specific role
dcooper8	squeakymail	1	No specific role
dcooper8	gdl-apps	1	No specific role
dcooper8	gdl	1	No specific role
dcorbin	tde	1	No specific role
dcorbin	xmlceclipse	1	No specific role
dcorbin	p4eclipse	1	Developer
dcorbin	jspunit	1	No specific role
dcorbin	jruby	0	No specific role
dcorbin	rubyx	1	Developer
dcorbin	rubyeclipse	0	Developer
dcordeiro	widam	1	Developer
dcordero	xawdecode	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dcordero	dynaphp	0	Developer
dcore	dcore	1	Project Manager
dcorey	impurified	0	Developer
dcorlan	gcx	0	Developer
dcorleone	bnews-plus	1	Developer
dcornewell	cagi	1	No specific role
dcornewell	rtv-tvg-lib	1	No specific role
dcornewell	vvrendermachine	1	No specific role
dcornewell	asterweb	1	No specific role
dcorrin	en-garde	1	No specific role
dcosentino	ex-nunc	0	Tester
dcotterill	servletencoder	1	No specific role
dcotterill	d3helix	1	Developer
dcotting	winsgl	1	No specific role
dcourtney	chromeportal	0	Developer
dcoutts	basp	1	No specific role
dcozza	dvdexchange	1	All-Hands Person
dcp	knowledgehome	1	Developer
dcp940	kiwimon	1	No specific role
dcp940	rsmeter	1	No specific role
dcp940	dbmv2	1	No specific role
dcpedit	lportal	0	All-Hands Person
dcport	bless	0	Developer
dcport	sg-packetfilter	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dcr	ridenow	0	Developer
dcr1997	cherry	1	No specific role
dcr1997	pocketcalc	1	No specific role
dcr26	yuulia	0	All-Hands Person
dcrab	dcsecure	1	No specific role
dcramer	docbook	0	Developer
dcrasch	trent	1	All-Hands Person
dcravens	educarasurvey	1	Project Manager
dcreado	openmda	1	No specific role
dcreado	jppf-project	0	Developer
dcreado	jsort	1	No specific role
dcrispell	vxl	0	No specific role
dcristinacce	vxl	0	No specific role
dcritchl	thinkingcap	1	Developer
dcrocha	midlog	1	No specific role
dcrocha	jspupload	1	No specific role
dcrocha	bloglib	1	No specific role
dcrocker	vsr	0	Developer
dcrosta	scons	0	Developer
dcrowley	easysoap	1	Project Manager
dcrudy	ipdomaintools	1	No specific role
dcr_umd	nbody	0	Developer
dcs0582	blogspeak	0	No specific role
dcs16	accelerator-ml	1	No specific role
dcs3apj	javamms	1	All-Hands Person
dcs3apj	rokta	1	No specific role
dcs3jah	gubed	0	Developer
dcs666	anathema	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dcscott	snapsgallery	1	No specific role
dcshpi	fxvcl	1	Developer
dcsmith77	jpalmdesktop	1	No specific role
dct	citrus	1	No specific role
dctanner	storm-pim	1	No specific role
dctools	dctools	1	Project Manager
dctorres	minibits	0	Doc Writer
dctos	dctos	1	Project Manager
dcuartielles	kraken	1	No specific role
dcuartielles	shido	1	No specific role
dcuartielles	gingermen	1	No specific role
dcuartielles	gohan	1	No specific role
dcullen7	delcom-usbio	1	No specific role
dcumings	familychristmas	1	No specific role
dcundiff	gnuladder	1	Project Manager
dcunning	fiswidgets	0	Developer
dcunning	niftilib	0	Developer
dcuny	yolo	1	No specific role
dcuny	win32libex	1	No specific role
dcuny	wxbasic	1	All-Hands Person
dcuny	jpatch	0	Developer
dcuny	inyo	1	No specific role
dcuny	jlipsync	1	No specific role
dcuny	tunafish	1	No specific role
dcurtis3	gtk-gamess	1	Project Manager
dcurtis3	avogadro	1	Developer
dcurtis3	openbabel	0	Developer
dcuser	dcbeaver	1	No specific role
dcuthbert	owasp	0	Developer
dcutting99	cloister	1	No specific role
dcvie	relaisboardapi	1	No specific role
dcwang	rfmin	1	No specific role
dcweichert	soffice-ext	1	No specific role
dcworld	dcworld	1	No specific role
dcymbala	apolloplayer	0	Developer
dc_	mcframework	1	No specific role
dc_azrath	divine-conflict	0	Doc Writer
dc_d00de	vstats	1	Developer
dc_ricardo	execsql	1	No specific role
dd33500	meligibii	1	No specific role
ddaglas	jawk	1	Developer
ddallas	tempos	1	Developer
ddallas	phpnetzero	0	Developer
ddamba_mich	bricolage	0	Web Designer
ddams	bindme	1	No specific role
ddanecki	gg2jabberx	0	No specific role
ddanehl	palo	0	Developer
ddaniels	debraudit	1	No specific role
ddaniels	debianwfc	1	No specific role
ddaniels	ddanielsgc	1	No specific role
ddaniels	megahal	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
ddaniels	folk	1	All-Hands Person
ddanier	gpgman	1	Tester
ddanier	jeph	0	Developer
ddanier	phpbattle	1	Project Manager
ddankwerth	tagbox	0	Developer
ddarius	haskell-libs	0	Developer
ddarko	babylonlib	1	No specific role
ddavid86	yvmts	1	No specific role
dday78	xbplayer	0	Tester
dday78	xbmc	0	Tester
ddayman	libdkim	0	Developer
ddbennet	freeciv-test	1	All-Hands Person
ddcampino	clanmanager	0	Developer
ddcforge	gcblue	1	Project Manager
ddcoder	g3b	1	Developer
ddd7	osxavr	1	Project Manager
ddd7	avra	0	Developer
dddale	cscop	0	Developer
dddebo	connect-4	0	No specific role
dddenton	project1	1	No specific role
dddhany	wuz	1	Developer
dddm	randomkbd	1	No specific role
ddearauj	openhpi	0	Developer
ddebyl	cps-skite	1	Developer
ddecouteau	vistaoutreach	0	Developer
ddecouteau	riminidm	1	Developer
ddeeken	pixocmslight	0	Developer
ddegen	mycore	1	Developer
ddegroot	progress2xls	1	Project Manager
ddehghan	fotolove	1	Developer
ddehghan	analyzewiki	1	No specific role
ddekany	fmpp	1	No specific role
ddekany	freemarker	1	All-Hands Person
ddekany	visigoths	0	All-Hands Person
ddelangle	ooo-word-filter	1	No specific role
ddelvecchio	emisview	0	Developer
ddemarco	dwpl	0	Developer
ddembowski	pascal2delphi	1	Project Manager
ddennedy	coriander	0	Developer
ddennedy	libquicktime	0	No specific role
ddennedy	libdv	1	Developer
ddennedy	libraw1394	0	No specific role
ddennedy	kino	1	Project Manager
ddennedy	linux1394	0	No specific role
ddennedy	libavc1394	1	Project Manager
ddennedy	libdc1394	1	Project Manager
ddennedy	dvtitler	0	Developer
ddennedy	dv1394d	1	Project Manager
ddennedy	mlt	1	Developer
ddennison	centrallix	0	Developer
ddent	netxplode	1	All-Hands Person
ddentale	kwf	1	No specific role
ddentico	gfaceme	1	Developer
ddepiano	vwebserver	0	Developer
ddepinet	jewelbox	1	No specific role
ddepta	jadetool	1	No specific role
ddesantis	athletica	0	Developer
ddeschepper	jdevcheckstyle	1	No specific role
ddesmarest	popcorn	1	No specific role
ddesmarest	holdallproduct	1	No specific role
ddesquiens	openfxp	1	No specific role
ddeucher	bossman	1	Developer
ddeus	pop3proxy	1	All-Hands Person
ddeus	progi	1	Project Manager
ddevienne	antics	1	Developer
ddewald	sld	1	No specific role
ddewinter	orm	0	Developer
ddewolf	nag	1	Developer
ddewolf	mvnit	1	Developer
ddewolf	mqmanager	1	No specific role
ddewong	lyra	1	No specific role
ddfisher	ddclient	0	Developer
ddfreyne	ab2foaf	1	Developer
ddfreyne	icloud	1	Developer
ddfreyne	yaccc	1	Developer
ddgarcia	gamescrafters	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
ddhouser	bfhi	1	No specific role
ddhuman	wvs	0	Developer
ddi82	dasystem	1	No specific role
ddiego	vcf	1	Project Manager
ddiego	vcfbuilder	1	Project Manager
ddiego	classdom	1	Developer
ddijkstra	softsqueeze	0	Developer
ddillard	snping	1	No specific role
ddillard	iscsi-mgmt-api	1	No specific role
ddillard	virtual-world	1	No specific role
ddillard	hbaapi	0	Developer
ddiller	javaseis	0	Developer
ddilling	pass	1	All-Hands Person
ddimitri	domconftest	1	All-Hands Person
ddimnik	isportal05	0	Developer
ddimon	jpf	1	Project Manager
ddimon	emersion	1	No specific role
ddimon	ouroffice	1	No specific role
ddinh	cofax	0	Developer
ddinh	cofaxsdp	0	Developer
ddipaolo	classroom	0	Developer
ddipaolo	moobot	1	Developer
ddipaolo	supybot	1	Developer
ddipaolo	subcipher	1	No specific role
ddipaolo	pyvorbistags	1	No specific role
ddipaolo	lnolinux2	0	No specific role
ddipaolo	pynetmontool	1	Project Manager
ddircksen	travelmanager	1	No specific role
ddisaster	openhl	0	No specific role
ddixson73	oma-scts	1	All-Hands Person
ddjohn	libstlstk	1	Project Manager
ddjohn	dajotools	1	Project Manager
ddkilzer	jtds	0	Developer
ddkilzer	linux-mac68k	1	No specific role
ddlamb_2000	projectfactory	1	Project Manager
ddlucas	dom4j	0	Developer
ddl_smurf	userp	0	Developer
ddl_smurf	wintwix	0	Project Manager
ddmcleod	blitztest	1	No specific role
ddms	clamav	0	Developer
ddn	pigimp	1	No specific role
ddoc	broadcast	1	No specific role
ddoc	rsaextractor	1	No specific role
ddoedens	openlos	1	No specific role
ddoerr	eefes	1	Project Manager
ddomingos	worksco	0	Developer
ddonahoe	shapescuffle	1	No specific role
ddonnell	moodle	0	Developer
ddossot	nxbre	1	Project Manager
ddossot	eclipse-dws	0	No specific role
ddossot	jinform	1	Project Manager
ddouthitt	lcdproc	0	Developer
ddouthitt	leaf	1	Developer
ddouxchamps	libdc1394	1	Developer
ddouxchamps	libvisca	1	No specific role
ddouxchamps	libgenicam	1	No specific role
ddouxchamps	memomulot	1	No specific role
ddouxchamps	coriander	1	Project Manager
ddouxchamps	iidcapi	1	No specific role
ddowney	linuxnewbie	0	No specific role
ddozza	ooodocs	1	Developer
ddozza	plio	1	Project Manager
ddozza	miwa	1	No specific role
ddp-project	nexxos	0	No specific role
ddp-project	g-maj	1	No specific role
ddpetit	monrobot	1	No specific role
ddpnz	osirix	0	Developer
ddpnz	xphile	1	Project Manager
ddpole	imbaros	1	No specific role
ddpole	icj	0	Developer
ddpole	ammentos	1	Project Manager
ddp_software	josmail	0	Graphic/Other Designer
ddrachau	mopore-togo	0	Developer
ddrboxman	mechsim	1	No specific role
ddrcoder	stepmania	0	Developer
ddred	emine	1	All-Hands Person
ddreggors	dotmods	0	No specific role
ddreyer	libmesh	0	Developer
ddribin	mameosx	1	All-Hands Person
ddribin	jamm	1	All-Hands Person
ddribin	redshed	0	No specific role
ddribin	glaunch	1	All-Hands Person
ddribin	wx4j	1	No specific role
ddribin	perl-strip	1	No specific role
ddribin	cart	1	All-Hands Person
ddrix	qtcomponents	0	Developer
ddroetker	qoseditor	1	No specific role
ddruff	robodoc	0	Developer
ddruff	dbsgmltoolbox	1	No specific role
ddruff	genrd	1	No specific role
ddruff	phpcron	1	No specific role
ddruff	phptidyht	1	No specific role
ddruid	empire	0	Tester
ddruid	action	1	Project Manager
ddrury	pn-modules	0	Developer
ddrzyzgula	entitlelib	1	No specific role
ddschrij	xletview	0	Developer
ddsolo	digimeente-mo	0	No specific role
ddsommer	amos	1	Developer
ddspringle1	superencode	1	No specific role
ddstreet	javax-usb	1	Project Manager
ddstreet	dat	1	No specific role
ddub0111	turnitinmoodle	1	No specific role
dducamp	hping2	0	Developer
dduchaine	itracker	0	Developer
ddudzik	fdfd	1	No specific role
ddumitru77	caspian	1	No specific role
ddumont	config-model	1	No specific role
ddunham	strangesearch	0	Developer
ddunwoody	adastra	1	All-Hands Person
ddupuis	cspm	1	No specific role
ddurham	rezound	1	Developer
ddurr	linuxtext	1	No specific role
ddurst555808	obserpcrm	1	All-Hands Person
ddustin	axui	1	No specific role
ddustin	mmrts	0	Developer
dduterte	audacity	0	Developer
ddutt	syncbbdb	1	No specific role
ddvergsten	dgdasteroids	1	No specific role
ddwei	aacplayer	0	Support Manager
ddx-network	wirelessfr	1	Developer
ddydelannoy	sticsperformer	0	Developer
ddz_	protodbg	1	Developer
dd_engi	ojudge	1	No specific role
de-ivo	evo-sim	1	No specific role
de-javu	ozon	0	Doc Writer
de-wolff	clipp	0	Developer
de-wolff	spiderape	0	Developer
de04orange	de04orange-1	1	No specific role
deacentis	kitanai	0	Developer
deaconballs	kolmogorov	0	Developer
deaconballs	mptbox	0	No specific role
deaconx	nymproxy	1	No specific role
deacon_sweeney	spade	1	No specific role
deac_r	rts-vbp	1	No specific role
dead-dreamer	eggdrop-php	1	No specific role
dead-man	ultra-browser	1	No specific role
dead11	istarion	0	Developer
dead2	ffdshow	0	Developer
deadalien	cire	0	Developer
deadarrow	javtools	0	Web Designer
deadc0de	zmatrix	1	No specific role
deaddog	ofset	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
deaded	st2	0	No specific role
deaded	ppf	1	Project Manager
deaded	matched	1	No specific role
deaded	queried	1	No specific role
deaded	rconed	1	Project Manager
deadelvis1	rezml	1	Project Manager
deadelvis1	wireframeml	1	No specific role
deadeye00	megamek	0	Developer
deadf00d	jadex	1	Developer
deadf00d	vesuf	1	Project Manager
deadhobo	ghettomusik	1	No specific role
deadlian	crockboard	1	No specific role
deadlock	netghost	1	Project Manager
deadlock	via	1	All-Hands Person
deadlock	ucla	1	All-Hands Person
deadlydevilus	namenlos	0	Graphic/Other Designer
deadlytedly	rconjava	1	No specific role
deadlyvices	guidedog	1	No specific role
deadlyvices	gd4oo	1	No specific role
deadmoo	xgridagent-java	1	No specific role
deadmoo	pingbasic	1	No specific role
deadnotburied	mudserv	0	No specific role
deadog	thacidlcd	1	Project Manager
deadpan110	crimp	1	Developer
deadparrot	vbloglib	1	No specific role
deadparrot	vbmsglib	1	No specific role
deadparrot	vbgenlib	1	No specific role
deadparrot	puri	1	No specific role
deadproject	suss	1	No specific role
deadproject	watcher	1	No specific role
deadpunkguy	jabberfox	1	Project Manager
deadrabbits	deadrabbits	1	No specific role
deadrabbits	illuminati	1	No specific role
deadrow	xptl-espresso	1	No specific role
deadrow	xpfl-espresso	1	No specific role
deadsea	laddergame	1	No specific role
deadsea	jazzy	0	Developer
deadserious	delphiwebdev	1	No specific role
deadserious	wxnet	0	Developer
deadserious	zipcodedb	0	Developer
deadsock	libupnpcpp	1	Developer
deadsock	juken	1	Project Manager
deadstick_sf	blackchat	1	No specific role
deadward	rtimage	1	No specific role
deadwood_pl	rpgworldmodel	1	Developer
deadwood_pl	neasybackup	1	All-Hands Person
deadwood_pl	ncommon	1	All-Hands Person
deadzone	swatmysql	1	Developer
deadzone	router-fwdyn-ip	1	No specific role
dead_cow	linux-ntfs	0	Web Designer
dead_fly	heidisql	0	Developer
dead_light	jevolution	1	Developer
dead_projects	getit	1	Project Manager
deaf	lancruiser	1	No specific role
deafbybeheading	snap-photo	1	No specific role
deafee7	dproofreaders	0	Developer
deafgreatdane	toshokan	1	Developer
deaggi	deskkit	1	No specific role
deaggi	httping	1	No specific role
deagle50ae	phpmax	1	No specific role
dealer_nesys	slottux	1	No specific role
dealingwith	underde-swim	1	No specific role
dealpete	magic-project	0	Developer
dealy	convelo	0	No specific role
deamoner85	bammbrowse	1	No specific role
dean	sub-sonic	0	Developer
dean1012	palu	1	Developer
dean8201	docs	1	Developer
deanagro	vsyn	0	No specific role
deanameyer	xalid	0	Developer
deanbd	hardvark	1	No specific role
deanedwards22	ie7	1	No specific role
deanedwards22	wf2	1	Developer
deaner17	toad	1	Developer
deane_barker	grouporg	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
deangiberson	underc	1	No specific role
deangoodmanson	zwiki	0	No specific role
deanhiller	channelmanager	0	No specific role
deanhiller	javasip	0	Developer
deanhiller	javasm	0	Developer
deanhiller	vmaster	1	Project Manager
deanhiller	ant-contrib	0	Developer
deanhiller	difftool	1	No specific role
deanjb	chicamin	0	Developer
deanjb	sqlbrowser	0	Developer
deanjb	kys	1	Project Manager
deanlin	evm2003	0	Developer
deanmatsen	concordedsp	1	No specific role
deanmoncaster	cyphoogle	1	Developer
deannelson	geostarslib	1	No specific role
deanpence	sysinit	1	No specific role
deanrparry	xbmc	0	Tester
deantakemori	linuxvm	1	Developer
deantakemori	opensmdr	0	No specific role
deanwampler	contract4j	1	Project Manager
deanwitte	javaseis	0	Developer
dean_foster	baby-lakos	1	No specific role
dearkeks	withoutfx	1	No specific role
dearl232	digioznetportal	0	Developer
dearmansoor	customerservice	1	No specific role
dearmansoor	open-erp	1	No specific role
dearwolf	ouml2	0	No specific role
dear_stephen	pandora-frmwrk	0	Developer
dear_stephen	ez-applet-html	1	No specific role
deas	jd3lib	0	No specific role
deasil	apachegrep	1	Developer
deasmi	jurm	1	No specific role
deasy_steve	libfreedb	0	Developer
deater	gphoto	0	Developer
death-row	g2ex	0	Developer
death-row	racer-installer	1	No specific role
death2all	nesgame	1	Project Manager
death3d	death3d	1	No specific role
death696	sweetlove	1	No specific role
deathangel67300	popcorn3d	0	Developer
deathangelfc2	myuniverse	1	No specific role
deathbob	projectpi	0	Developer
deathbob	backpi	1	No specific role
deathbunny	peepingtom	0	Web Designer
deathcode	l2ecpp	0	Developer
deathcraze	jcryptfx	1	Developer
deathcubek	dmca	0	Developer
deathcubek	lawless	0	Developer
deathcubek	foih	1	Project Manager
deathelemental	atach	1	Project Manager
deather__	socketclass	1	No specific role
deathfox	pympsort	1	No specific role
deathguardian	boardgameonline	0	No specific role
deathlike_2	zsnes-docs	0	Doc Writer
deathlord	trinity	0	No specific role
deathmas	billiardsnine	1	No specific role
deathmeat	adempiere	0	Developer
deathmeat	jasat	1	No specific role
deathmeat	dns2vnc	1	No specific role
deathmeat	dbmp	1	No specific role
deathmoon	pvaultxml	1	Project Manager
deathmor	fdyn06	1	Project Manager
deathping	xulresumegen	1	No specific role
deathr0w	sfick	1	No specific role
deathr0w	squirrelbackup	1	No specific role
deathr0w	encryptics	1	No specific role
deathr0w	gtkpostal	1	No specific role
deathranger	autofilter	1	No specific role
deathrowmarv	pjirc-nuke	1	No specific role
deaths	pmaac	1	No specific role
deathscythe	vgdc	0	Developer
deathseeker25	g-share	1	Developer
deathseeker41	projectkronos	1	No specific role
deathstar64	blueclipse	1	No specific role
deathtaro	nzmath	0	Developer
deathtoenter	ahwac	0	Developer
deathtoll2001	ebookformat	1	No specific role
deathwarrior	plws	1	No specific role
deathwire	lag	1	Project Manager
death_knight	phpdkweblog	1	No specific role
deatoris	deatoris-comp	1	No specific role
deatoris	deatoris	1	No specific role
deatoris	deatoris-fwk	1	No specific role
deatos	hypertella	1	No specific role
deatos2	ep2p	1	No specific role
deatrich	scicon-php	1	No specific role
deave	ichilli	0	Developer
deaven	gevnc	1	No specific role
deaven	cxxwrap	1	No specific role
deb	gotjobs	1	No specific role
deb	ljarchive	1	All-Hands Person
deb	tics	1	No specific role
deb	jboss	0	Developer
deba	creepage	0	Project Manager
debackerl	debacker	1	No specific role
debajyoti	mynukegenealogy	0	Developer
debajyoti	heatex-design	0	Web Designer
debajyoti2k	rijumethods	1	No specific role
debaldwin	osxwhois	1	No specific role
debandi	dose	1	Unix Admin
debankur	globecom	0	No specific role
debapriya	web-bering	1	No specific role
debaser003	bacdafucup	1	Developer
debashish	readfeed	1	No specific role
debasisb2	xmlstaropen	1	No specific role
debasishs	spatialwms	1	Project Manager
debasish_sahu	edeixa	1	No specific role
debasys	wx-net	0	Developer
debasys	sakthi	0	Developer
debater	bachar	1	No specific role
debater	eclat	1	No specific role
debbiep-sf	dita-ot	0	Developer
debbie_russell	moast	0	Web Designer
debbie_russell	usarsim	0	No specific role
debcvw	cvw	1	No specific role
debedb	db-db	1	No specific role
debedb	jsewer	1	No specific role
debenbain	tikiwiki	0	Developer
debguy	xdm-options	1	No specific role
debhian	debhian	1	No specific role
debian057	lushie	0	No specific role
debianamazigh	debiantam	1	No specific role
debianbg	lug-bg	0	Developer
debiansmurf	bind9admin	1	Project Manager
debian_tux	freehm	1	Developer
debian_usr	evm2003	0	Developer
debijan	tempdelete	1	No specific role
deblack	phpwebfax	1	Developer
deblack	osisp	1	No specific role
deblack	opensupport	1	Developer
debldrmj	debuilder	0	Developer
deblin	microbes	0	No specific role
deboeck	nunitforms	0	Project Manager
debolaz	pkgsrc-wip	0	No specific role
debona	chessd	1	No specific role
debona	hiadsd-tool	1	No specific role
deboni	sisal	0	Developer
debonzi	avrcam	1	Developer
debonzi	gdmosivga	1	Developer
debonzi	g51	1	Developer
debonzi	epp	1	No specific role
debonzi	eb-01linux	1	Developer
deboot	cyclone3	0	Developer
deborahcha	hardhats	0	Doc Writer
deborahcha	openvista	0	Developer
deborahs	openeducate	0	No specific role
deborah_bobet	sia-iage	0	No specific role
debordguy	tsg	1	No specific role
debose	lazysorter	1	No specific role
deboute	freeweblog	1	No specific role
deboute	flics	1	No specific role
debprakash	tdminer	1	No specific role
debrajelon	gammaproj1	0	Developer
debralj	mpvtools	1	Unix Admin
debrice	open-commerce	1	No specific role
debroglie	ceug	0	Developer
debrouille	lowbatcms	1	Developer
debrown	paclims	1	No specific role
debruijn	openticket	1	No specific role
debruijn	wikiwar	1	No specific role
debs3759	nasm	0	Doc Writer
debsa	mailwasher	0	Content Management
debscribe	conlib	1	No specific role
debscribe	comdocs	1	Project Manager
debscribe	bsd-scripts	1	No specific role
debster	paknet	0	Developer
debster	longenis	0	Developer
debugas	lucas-blinda	1	No specific role
debugas	roundabout	1	Developer
debugdaemon	smartabode	0	Developer
debugger129	calc-3d	1	Developer
debugme	hdlg	0	Developer
debugrr	l5rdiceroller	1	Project Manager
debugrr	l5r-rpgu	1	All-Hands Person
debuireb	soberany	1	No specific role
debunne	libqglviewer	1	No specific role
debunne	qdu	1	No specific role
debyco	debyco	1	No specific role
debyfortini	classmanager	0	No specific role
dec0ded	osse	0	No specific role
dec16180	mloopiusgeb	1	No specific role
dec16180	loopius	1	No specific role
dec23	dischosting	1	Developer
dec550	div	1	No specific role
deca	plib	0	Developer
decadecreations	php-e	1	No specific role
decadecreations	phpframed	1	No specific role
decadecreations	wingbb	1	No specific role
decaf	ecos	0	No specific role
decaf	nautilusshell	1	No specific role
decaf	argiope	1	Project Manager
decaf	agriope	1	No specific role
decaffeinated	wpi	1	No specific role
decaffeinated	p3icli	1	No specific role
decaffeinated	p3i	1	No specific role
decaman	javakore	1	Developer
decampo	sc-userlib	0	Developer
decampo	quarks	0	No specific role
decampo	supercollider	0	Developer
decampos	sysvconfig	1	Project Manager
decampos	arianne	0	Developer
decampos	gnuworld-iface	1	No specific role
decampos	loonychat	1	No specific role
decampos	libevent	0	Developer
decampos	undernet-ircu	0	Developer
decamps	grand8	1	No specific role
decamps	kuittance	1	No specific role
decaos	mauve	0	No specific role
decap008	javaweb	1	No specific role
decar	opentibia	0	Web Designer
decates	chordtester	1	No specific role
decawes755	dubengine	1	Web Designer
dececco	hexagraph	1	No specific role
deceed	taskbackup	1	No specific role
deceed	slidedirector	1	No specific role
deceed	esync	1	No specific role
deceiver	ww2stats	1	No specific role
decelerate	rhea	1	Project Manager
deception54	extase5	1	No specific role
deception54	tijftp	1	No specific role
deception54	trot	1	No specific role
deception54	toffutris	1	No specific role
deception54	distj	0	Developer
decha	gtrans	1	No specific role
decho	ircbg-hybserv	1	No specific role
dechouxb	organicbuilder	1	No specific role
decibel	openqrm	0	Developer
decibel	rrs	1	No specific role
decibel05	monsterblogsack	1	No specific role
decike	gcover	1	Project Manager
decike	antibabel	1	All-Hands Person
decil	gtlab-convert	1	No specific role
decisiondeck	decision-deck	1	No specific role
decisionstudio	ds-professional	1	No specific role
deckards	deckards	1	No specific role
deckard_1100	snap	0	Developer
decke	phpcommunity2	1	No specific role
decke	phpcom3	1	No specific role
decke	phpvc	1	No specific role
decker210	bookkeeper	1	Developer
decker_dk	liteswitch	0	Developer
decker_dk	quark	0	Developer
decko	camelos	1	Project Manager
deckrider	qii	0	No specific role
deckrider	gaim-bs	1	Project Manager
deckrider	emilda	0	Developer
declan	oohg	1	Developer
declan2005	oohg	1	Project Manager
declanmcgrath	frogface	1	No specific role
declercq	vhcs-reload	1	No specific role
decobarros	syncbuilder	1	Tester
decobarros	jpresence	1	No specific role
decockma	dartra	1	Developer
decoder23	jmage	0	Developer
decodex	rdfpicx	0	Developer
decodex	hlmapupdate	0	Web Designer
decoleur	javainventory	0	Developer
decollo4065	retts	1	No specific role
decologne	nmis	0	Developer
deconint	dctools	1	Project Manager
deconint	dcptools	1	Project Manager
deconstruct	jayenne	1	Project Manager
decool_l	quotasquid	1	No specific role
decool_l	hawkeye	0	No specific role
decouto	garble	1	No specific role
decoyduck	beehiveforum	1	Project Manager
decraft	dcwin	0	No specific role
decramy	decramy	1	No specific role
decramy	mor	1	No specific role
decrease789	xmm	0	No specific role
decryption	bitstuffing	1	Developer
decryption	compression	1	Developer
decryption	probabilitygen	1	Developer
decs	varnish	1	No specific role
decs	condb	1	Developer
decs	openpam	1	Developer
decs	splow	1	No specific role
decsonic	everlasting	1	No specific role
decstuff	mallard	0	No specific role
decumanus	cardowiki	1	No specific role
decuser	mfs	1	No specific role
decwiz	simh	1	Project Manager
dedajabko	akurat	1	All-Hands Person
dedale	piataip	1	No specific role
dedale1	ggiterm	1	No specific role
dedalikar	ikar	1	No specific role
dedalozzo	informer	1	No specific role
dedalu	wikindx	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dedecun	openlince	1	Project Manager
dedel	chiqchaq	0	Developer
dedeme	metaljava5	1	No specific role
dederer	tkxmlive	1	No specific role
dedesi	petersreport	1	No specific role
dedesite	dreamsbuilder	1	Project Manager
dedesite	lilidbp	1	No specific role
dede_pira	dayon	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dedmike	druid	0	Project Manager
dedmike	hsqldb	1	Project Manager
dedmike	vienna	1	All-Hands Person
dedmondson	webrad	0	Developer
dedmons	ts2k-interface	1	Developer
dedmons	hamlib	0	Developer
dedmons	constants	1	Project Manager
dedmoroz	biztycoon	0	Developer
dedmundson	hitop	1	No specific role
dedough	semargl	1	No specific role
dedreiix	ireport	0	Developer
dedullwi	web-commands	1	No specific role
dedurus	reservations	0	Project Manager
dedushka_shubin	notawiki	1	No specific role
ded_	bings	1	Developer
ded_fr	free-revolt	1	No specific role
ded_savely	jstcompiler	1	No specific role
dee-light	galette	1	No specific role
deeass	attension	1	Project Manager
deeb	mirages	0	Developer
deeceefar2	sinapse	0	Developer
deedee666	xprobe	0	All-Hands Person
deedoo	sqlite-admin	1	Developer
deedw	xorg-edit	1	No specific role
deedw	lapackpp	0	No specific role
deeemm	dmcms	1	No specific role
deefinbaker	teddy	1	Developer
deegan	zombiehorde	1	Project Manager
deegc	rpgwebprofiler	1	No specific role
deegital	dotspersite	0	Developer
deeinlondon	php-guestlist	1	No specific role
deejayodie	pword	0	Doc Writer
deejayodie	cap-help	1	No specific role
deejayodie	ca4spiff	1	No specific role
deejayz00	smokeylj	1	No specific role
deeje	qtturntable	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
deek	quake	1	Project Manager
deek	prefsapp	1	Project Manager
deekayen	thatware	1	Project Manager
deeknow	xapperator	1	No specific role
deekpyro	seneoz	1	No specific role
deekpyro	libervagari	1	Project Manager
deelkar	routingtools	0	Developer
deelkar	ml-edit	0	Developer
deemali	theclass-org	0	Developer
deemo	coremp3	1	No specific role
deemon	ndcplusparser	1	No specific role
deeno	doomed	1	Developer
deeno	feud	0	No specific role
deep-trouble	nsis-scriptgen	1	No specific role
deepadatta	visualsai	0	Developer
deepak	wldmkr	0	Developer
deepak	sojourner	0	Developer
deepak123	ap802-11	1	Developer
deepakaj	x-tagger	1	No specific role
deepakjois	gyaan	1	No specific role
deepakmittal007	daffodilreplica	0	Developer
deepakn	sudoku-helper	1	No specific role
deepaky	backup	1	No specific role
deepak_2020	showload	1	No specific role
deepak_38	mysqlwebadmin	1	No specific role
deepak_giri	python-ldap	0	Developer
deepak_kotur	netdump	1	Developer
deepak_nadig	j2mi	1	No specific role
deepalley	cctvdrm	1	No specific role
deepamahajan	gamescrafters	0	Developer
deepankar1	episurveyor	0	Project Manager
deeparajan	jlabase	0	No specific role
deepayan	majantali	1	Developer
deepayan	bengalinux	1	Developer
deepayan	bocra	1	Developer
deepb	neuros-firmware	0	Developer
deepbit	japss	0	Developer
deepbreath	calm64	1	No specific role
deepcode	phpadmincentre	1	No specific role
deepdarksky	multi-fcompare	1	All-Hands Person
deepdene	webmu	1	No specific role
deepdene	gspace	1	No specific role
deepdiver	corba-net	1	No specific role
deependra	taprobane	0	Developer
deepengd	ntst	1	Project Manager
deeperror	sqlflat	1	No specific role
deephan	xmms-morestate	1	No specific role
deepigoyal	image2text	1	No specific role
deepika004	javasteps	0	Developer
deepinlife	longnumber	1	No specific role
deepling	msrp	0	Developer
deeplymove	ipa-lib	1	No specific role
deepnov	binman	0	No specific role
deepone	alpp	1	Developer
deepone	replicantbody	1	Developer
deepone	freeciv-test	1	No specific role
deepone	osghaptics	0	Developer
deepone	osgal	0	No specific role
deepr	cpcave	1	Developer
deepreds	pygr	0	Developer
deepsand	rapidx	0	Developer
deepseadolphin	surre	0	All-Hands Person
deepspawn	bandicoot	1	Developer
deepspawn	yaucp	1	Developer
deepujain	linx-nw-browser	1	No specific role
deepujain	jurpe	0	Developer
deepupai	wonderword	1	No specific role
deepwave_admin	justcheckers	1	Project Manager
deepwave_admin	insomia	1	Project Manager
deepwave_admin	sitechunks	1	Project Manager
deepwind	jleaf	1	Developer
deepy	dircb	1	No specific role
deepy	de-ap	1	No specific role
deepz0ne	pn-modules	0	Developer
deepzone	fbconnect	1	No specific role
deep_blue	ebview	1	No specific role
deep_dark	gnome-albanian	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
deep_green	gnurps	1	No specific role
deep_river	flatphpbook	0	Developer
deerbear	fsstorage	1	No specific role
deerchaser	filepipe	1	Developer
deerli	mini-rtos	1	No specific role
deerpig	chenla-cat	1	No specific role
deerwood	gallery-contrib	0	Developer
deerwood	gallery	0	Developer
deerwood	eclipse-tools	0	Developer
deerwood	mariasite	0	Developer
deesub	aflog	1	No specific role
deeti	bugonline	0	Tester
deetsay	gzigzag	0	No specific role
deeva	jsjabber	0	Developer
deever	sshlib	1	No specific role
deevolve	deevolve	1	No specific role
deew	c1boot	0	Developer
deex	pioneers	0	Graphic/Other Designer
deexpp	adsld	1	No specific role
deeze	phpwsthemes	1	Project Manager
deeze	mindseye	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dee_ment	rrr	1	No specific role
def	srvx	0	No specific role
def-con	openkore	1	Developer
defacer	bennu	1	No specific role
defacer	moodle	0	Developer
defaro	hfc-rampage	0	All-Hands Person
defaste	xtella	1	No specific role
defatgonzos	palmosrpgcreate	1	No specific role
defatgonzos	vendettagames	1	Project Manager
defatgonzos	lukesoftwareco	0	Developer
default50	clcluster	1	No specific role
defaultxr	subopus	0	Developer
defaveri	loama	0	Developer
defcode	dnsmage	1	No specific role
defcon5	bikerbastard	1	Graphic/Other Designer
defdef	cdinterface	1	Project Manager
defekt	jkos	0	Developer
defeo	zososoft	1	Project Manager
deffi	startkladde	1	No specific role
defhex	jswarmer	1	No specific role
defianceone	cnbloodline	0	Graphic/Other Designer
defiant00	castleengine	1	Developer
defiantclass	newbirth	0	No specific role
defiantheart	odt-accessibili	1	No specific role
defiant_penguin	swrapper	1	No specific role
defiant_penguin	spampop3r	1	Developer
defiant_penguin	wwwd	1	Developer
defiant_penguin	wikid-twofactor	0	Developer
defiant_penguin	flycatcher	1	No specific role
defiant_penguin	radi8	1	Developer
deficiente	phpnukebrasil	0	No specific role
deficiente	postnukebrasil	0	No specific role
definer	pyneighborhood	1	All-Hands Person
deflatormouse	epic	1	No specific role
deflatus	s3fc	1	Project Manager
deflaux	carbonado	0	Developer
deflektor	aicddj	1	No specific role
deflorio	raftnet	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
deflorio	pinami	1	Project Manager
defnax	retroshare	0	Developer
defnax	qtrans-partage	0	Graphic/Other Designer
defnax	swaste	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
defoc8	theskinn	0	Graphic/Other Designer
deforca	hisim	1	No specific role
defraagh	uuplanets	1	No specific role
defre	gbhardplate	0	No specific role
defrhymes	gnupdate	0	Developer
defrone	phpcsseditor	1	Developer
defrone	phpbuns	0	Developer
defrone	backdraft	1	Developer
defrost	metajour	1	Developer
defrost2	defrost2	1	No specific role
deftco	deftwidgets	1	No specific role
deftcom	deftcom	1	No specific role
deftochino	janks	1	Project Manager
defuines	gkauth	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
defunkxp	mugu	0	Developer
defunkxp	qftp	0	Developer
defurnej	midrangetest	1	No specific role
defurnej	sylpheeddoc	0	Developer
defwi	libertyoffice	0	Developer
defwi	justoffice	1	No specific role
defyance	ucomp	1	Developer
defyance	poeb	1	Project Manager
defy_boy	spunerace	1	No specific role
deg	degel-winfs	1	No specific role
degarrah	chinookide	1	No specific role
degarrah	zephyrtest	1	No specific role
dega_mi	wsmp3	1	No specific role
degen	oxine	0	Developer
degger	gimp-print	0	No specific role
degger	gimp-plug-ins	0	Developer
degger	linuxconsole	0	No specific role
degimi	mywebring	1	Developer
degoo	ddaf	1	Project Manager
degreste	php-attcodec	1	Project Manager
degs	oridict	1	No specific role
deguchi-san	crayon	0	Project Manager
deguir	terreneuve	0	Developer
deguix	nsis-ioex	1	Developer
degus	emulemorph	0	Developer
dehabu	kuroikitkernel	1	Project Manager
deharforge	nprof	0	No specific role
dehe	omnichat	1	No specific role
dehesa	dehesa	1	No specific role
dehghan_2006	royal-stat	1	No specific role
dehmer	seiji	1	No specific role
dehne	nomadpim	0	Developer
dehne	kuran	0	Developer
dehnhardt	dbclipse	1	No specific role
dehnhardt	documentserver	1	Project Manager
dehnus	geeefx	1	Developer
dehrlich	hipponet	0	Developer
dei234	gotbenchmark	1	No specific role
deian_gi	elsy	1	Developer
deibl	yamut	0	Developer
deichi	gcs	1	All-Hands Person
deicon	metaphasis	1	No specific role
deidril	deidrilmud	1	No specific role
deiff	jabberjim	1	No specific role
deigam	phppkiadmin	0	Developer
deige101	owasp	0	Doc Writer
deiger	teara	1	Developer
deil	qplot	0	No specific role
deim0s	gridpain	1	Developer
deimnos	aoicms	1	Project Manager
deinha85	ai20070102	0	Project Manager
deining	daisycms	0	No specific role
deinomight	meta-jb	0	Developer
deios	computing	1	No specific role
deirdrepoeltler	sundog	0	All-Hands Person
deisemoura	glicemeter	0	No specific role
deisner	gtk2engines-alt	1	No specific role
deissenb	classgen	1	Developer
deissenb	olev	1	No specific role
deist	jaruen	1	Project Manager
deitel99	econmod	1	No specific role
deitel99	networkchess	1	No specific role
deitel99	ywin-extralib	1	No specific role
deitel99	transport	1	No specific role
deiterding	amroc	1	No specific role
deiters	grafix	1	No specific role
deiussum	shrapnel	1	Project Manager
deiussum	latranslib	1	Project Manager
deiverson	merian	1	No specific role
deivsonrayner	swingcontroller	1	No specific role
deixu	simplethemes	1	No specific role
dejackiv	dejackiv	1	Project Manager
dejan	leka	1	All-Hands Person
dejan	libirc	0	No specific role
dejan	rtk	1	All-Hands Person
dejanbucar	linx	1	Developer
dejancrn	comport	1	No specific role
dejank	babeldoc	1	Developer
dejank	mvnforum	0	Developer
dejanm4	deployment	0	Developer
dejanmiljkovic	epsd	1	No specific role
dejardin	qce-ga	0	Developer
dejardindavid	testbanksystem	1	Developer
dejavo	easychains	1	No specific role
dejavo	xelcome	1	No specific role
dejavu1973	dnsoctopus	0	No specific role
deja_mann	wvw	1	No specific role
deje	mpfrontend	1	No specific role
deje162	junit-objects	1	No specific role
deje162	loa32	1	Developer
deje162	overmind-scfg	1	No specific role
deje162	statelogic	1	No specific role
dejeu	exchange4linux	0	Editorial/Content Writer
dejfson	glpcb	1	No specific role
dejiakala	phpedu	1	No specific role
dejinlee	erp54cn	1	No specific role
dejkra	itpmr	0	No specific role
dejoigny	canfestival	0	No specific role
dejotmoros	jobexgui	1	No specific role
dejotmoros	erros	1	Project Manager
dejrobocup	robocup-msl	1	Project Manager
dejun	toppers-utils	0	Developer
dek0000	technoforge	1	No specific role
dekajp	anetgen	1	No specific role
dekam	mirage	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dekamerone	content-builder	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dekamps	geist	1	No specific role
dekarl	web500gw	1	All-Hands Person
dekarma	nucleusplugs	1	Project Manager
dekarma	nucleuscms	1	Developer
dekico	mytaskplan	1	Developer
dekkar	wilddesigner	0	Developer
dekkertje	amcpostpack	1	Developer
dekket	arhb	0	Doc Writer
dekki	mars	0	Graphic/Other Designer
deklund2	luau	1	Project Manager
deklund2	opencbp	0	Developer
deklund2	javacoaster	1	No specific role
deklund2	symboliq	1	No specific role
deknos	krypt	1	No specific role
deknudtstijn	csfilemanager	1	Developer
deknudtstijn	mebportal	1	No specific role
dekortage	crosswise	1	No specific role
dekosser	ai-standards	0	Developer
deksels	musicontroller	0	Developer
dektria	db-skeleton	1	No specific role
dekuck	adaptweb	0	No specific role
dekulink	vns	0	No specific role
del	dload	1	No specific role
del	dosa	1	No specific role
del	connie	1	No specific role
del	janet	1	No specific role
del0	mandarina	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
del1	rapidcrc	1	No specific role
del23	xinvaders3d	1	No specific role
delaballe	j2eeindustry	0	Developer
delackner	dirtoy	0	Developer
delacko	transdict	1	Developer
delacko	imagesorter	1	No specific role
delaf	xtrawget	0	Developer
delagevi	p2putc	0	No specific role
delagoya	psidev	1	Developer
delagoya	gusdev	1	Developer
delagoya	fuge	1	Developer
delagoya	mged	0	Project Manager
delagsc1	debuilder	0	Developer
delahuerga	sdl-draw	0	Developer
delancie	sisyphuspf	0	No specific role
delandtj	dctools	1	No specific role
delandtj	dctos	1	Project Manager
delandtj	dcptools	1	No specific role
delannoyf	libgxlplusplus	0	Developer
delano	jscmt	0	No specific role
delanoyf	lgh	0	No specific role
delar	re-highlighter	1	No specific role
delara	multijava	0	Developer
delara	jmlspecs	0	Developer
delarue	zefania-sharp	1	Project Manager
delas	fpc	1	No specific role
delattre_s	fudaa	0	Developer
delau	ffcms	1	No specific role
delau	ttxinsert	1	Developer
delau	ndbms	1	Project Manager
delaux	gfs	0	Developer
delboni	vmailadmin	0	Developer
delbrouck	mdwebed	1	No specific role
delcasse	mpdb	1	No specific role
delchevn	jgears	1	Project Manager
delcock	simpletsheet	1	No specific role
delcom	openmash	0	Developer
delcosoft	qemugrafika	1	No specific role
delder	patchtrack	1	No specific role
delder	mrtgconfig	1	All-Hands Person
delder	zesync	0	Developer
delder	yanc	0	Developer
deldico	robprotocol	0	Developer
deldotvee	roguedarwin	1	No specific role
deldotvee	vocx	1	Developer
deleed	playit	0	Developer
delemming	e64	1	No specific role
deletedbyrantz	freeorion	1	Project Manager
deleteme3	sabar	1	No specific role
deleterious	cmsxphp	1	Project Manager
delete_pyou	dma	1	Developer
delete_pyou	squirrelbuilder	1	Project Manager
delfare	desmume	0	No specific role
delfare	pands	1	Developer
delfinof	opendvb	1	No specific role
delfinof	tipicforge	1	Project Manager
delfinsblog	wikiprocess	1	No specific role
delfiphan	omorphia	0	Developer
delforge	iidcapi	0	Developer
delfuria	sqlbuddy	0	Developer
delfy	wix	0	Developer
delgaudm	rets	0	No specific role
delhart	sc-original	1	No specific role
deliaga	havaj-kinder	0	Developer
delic_dbg	lines	1	No specific role
delifisek	phpwhatnet	1	No specific role
delight777	jakarta-k	0	Developer
delightidoni	pragmato	1	No specific role
delinchant	cobox	0	Developer
delineau	gepi	0	All-Hands Person
delipenguen	beedoncms	1	Project Manager
delipenguen	factoralpha	1	No specific role
deliq	snaketour	1	Project Manager
deliriumsky	chiba	0	Developer
deliriumsky	freeport	1	Project Manager
deliriumsky	exist	0	Developer
delirium_labs	delirium-kit	1	No specific role
delish	pagerping	1	No specific role
delisuar	logzer	0	Developer
delita	chrono-stats	1	Developer
delite_iitb	delitedb	1	No specific role
delius	ogdl	0	Developer
delius	tsocks	1	No specific role
delius	xprobe	0	No specific role
deli_deusto	zoac	1	No specific role
delkant	runawfe	0	No specific role
delkos	swl	1	Developer
della	eclipsewinamp	0	Developer
della	m-cube	1	No specific role
della1rv	rparse	1	No specific role
dellerba	hmafra	1	No specific role
delloblio	mythwaves	1	No specific role
dellui	dreamboxdev	1	Project Manager
delly	micralr2e	1	No specific role
delmar	cvswebclient	1	Project Manager
delmar9	jirsa	1	Developer
delmonico	delive	1	No specific role
delmyers	tagsea	1	Developer
delmyers	gild	1	All-Hands Person
delompemo	aurigae	1	No specific role
delompemo	moset	1	No specific role
delompemo	mocrf	1	No specific role
delon_t	vlvc	1	Project Manager
deloptes	mediabank	1	No specific role
delor	wpi-gdc	0	Developer
delorean	isoblocks	1	No specific role
delorme_	metagis	1	No specific role
delorme_	sillaj	1	No specific role
delos_	encode-explorer	1	No specific role
deloughr	pivotplot	1	No specific role
delph	terrarpg	1	No specific role
delphi32	jaunt	0	Developer
delphi32	psvlib	1	Project Manager
delphi32	cfa631	1	No specific role
delphidreamer	osfinancials	1	Developer
delphidreamer	gast	1	No specific role
delphiforum	creatorthumb	1	No specific role
delphifreak	playlistformat	1	No specific role
delphifreak71	gpu	1	Developer
delphij	lemon4ssc	0	No specific role
delphine	slicer	1	Developer
delphinen	webphpftp	1	No specific role
delphinius	alg2help	1	No specific role
delphinoy	disastersys	0	Developer
delphist	persian4linux	1	No specific role
delphiunleashed	keynote	0	Developer
delphi_max	webop	1	Unix Admin
delphi_max	canista	1	No specific role
delphor	motoryoda	1	No specific role
delpiero220	overpass	0	Developer
delpino2002	bluesmiley	1	No specific role
delpinux	kfem	0	No specific role
delriaan	xgamma-gtk	1	No specific role
delromano	gazie	0	Doc Writer
delrusso	symbiont	1	Doc Writer
delsarto	metacity-setup	1	No specific role
delsarto	kerncomp	1	No specific role
delsarto	bottomupcs	1	No specific role
delsarto	ipbench	1	No specific role
delsarto	openupsmart	1	No specific role
delsolevan	pgmfi	0	No specific role
delson	philingcabinet	1	No specific role
delson	phpfwgen	1	No specific role
delson	tkcvs	1	No specific role
delson	babel-lib	1	No specific role
delson	gyo	1	No specific role
delson	doins	0	No specific role
delson4	wordfreak	0	Developer
delta-days	battle-star	1	Project Manager
delta-days	themerchant	1	Developer
delta00	brutesshd	0	Developer
delta17	machinations	1	No specific role
delta256	affinityhtml	1	No specific role
delta3d-builder	delta3d	0	Support Technician
delta407	lissard	1	No specific role
delta407	lookoutpx	1	Project Manager
delta407	sqlshout	0	Developer
delta407	cfcp	1	No specific role
delta407	salvagentfs	1	No specific role
delta407	intel-wings	1	No specific role
delta88	plman	1	Analysis / Design
deltabox	hmcenter	0	No specific role
deltacat	cataumixer	1	No specific role
deltacoder	guerillatactics	0	Developer
deltaflight	dfoto	1	No specific role
deltaflyer	kickservices	0	Developer
deltafoxtrot	tunnelbroker	1	No specific role
deltahat02	jdip	0	Developer
deltahf	amule	1	Content Management
deltalab	icek	1	Developer
deltalabs	validsquirrel	1	No specific role
deltalabs	smqbrowser	1	No specific role
deltalima	yeoldepong	1	No specific role
deltalima274	backports-cd	1	No specific role
deltanoid	mgengine	1	No specific role
deltaone	tentun	1	Developer
deltaplan	phpeasyreport	1	No specific role
deltapositive	stools	1	No specific role
deltaray	rsyslog	0	No specific role
deltasf	csp	1	Developer
deltashark	integrity	0	Developer
deltasquare4	wintweaker	1	No specific role
deltataukyle	autoalert	1	No specific role
deltaware	hl7-testharness	1	No specific role
deltawolf	edgeboard	1	No specific role
delta_jisc	delta-jisc	1	No specific role
delta_jisc	jisc-eprofile	1	No specific role
delta_x	kcommanderqt3	1	No specific role
delta_x	kcdcover	1	No specific role
deltib	gnomegnation	0	Graphic/Other Designer
deltib	snowballz	0	Graphic/Other Designer
deltora1	metroideclipse	1	No specific role
deltran	sbrdg	1	Project Manager
deltran	epiware	1	Project Manager
deltree	ia-bot	1	No specific role
deltro	c-alleg	1	Developer
delt_1024480	schismtracker	0	Developer
delugach	charger	1	No specific role
delugach	opencgraphs	1	Developer
delukas	pw2	0	Developer
delund	theclass-org	1	Developer
delusional	shellon	1	Project Manager
delusional	bluefunk	1	No specific role
delussu	easywaf	1	No specific role
delvalle	qtruco	1	No specific role
delvine	jsuperstore	1	Developer
delvinj	jedit	0	Developer
delvinj	jedit-community	1	Content Management
delvinj	xpontus	0	Developer
delwin9999	olm	1	Project Manager
delx	vtone	1	No specific role
delyra	atari8	0	Developer
dem	openev	0	Developer
dema00	agent-see	0	Project Manager
demaagdk	beergame	1	Developer
demagist	seagis	0	Developer
demailly	sf-xpaint	0	Developer
demaine	monitor-68hc08	1	No specific role
demaledetti	ugo	1	Developer
demaledetti	dengmx	1	Developer
demanciel	kdiaporama	1	No specific role
demanciel	numis	1	No specific role
demanhuang	magiclinux	1	No specific role
demanic	nhibernate	0	Developer
demanic	djfractal	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
demarchidaniele	usb-quickcam-vc	1	Project Manager
demarcprojects	snortspade	1	No specific role
demarcprojects	snortsnarf	1	No specific role
demarmels	elml	0	Developer
dematrox	translatum	1	No specific role
dematteisl	tc-monitor	1	Developer
demattia	scsh	0	Developer
dembol	cband	1	No specific role
dembol	dignot	1	Unix Admin
dembol	agnix	1	Developer
demcak	natali	1	No specific role
demcak	osdd	1	No specific role
demch	oodvs	1	Project Manager
demeester_roel	ourtunes	0	Developer
demeester_roel	eclipse-ccase	1	All-Hands Person
demeester_roel	eclipse-latex	0	Developer
demeester_roel	jmoney	0	Developer
demeester_roel	clearcase-java	0	All-Hands Person
demeester_roel	getittogether	1	Developer
demelion	project-rage	1	No specific role
demen77	pyconvmv	1	No specific role
demener	gdg-f06	0	No specific role
demenethes	labonizer	1	No specific role
dementedd	htwperl	1	No specific role
dementedd	h2g2perl	0	Developer
dementedidiot	aserv	0	No specific role
dementiev	stxxl	1	No specific role
demerzal	mofo	1	Project Manager
demeter31	themanaworld	0	No specific role
demeter31	wclp	1	Developer
demeter31	bushwhacked	1	No specific role
demetres	leonardolibrary	1	Project Manager
demetris_ph	dcnds	1	Developer
deme_pod	deme	1	Developer
demi	mywebring	0	No specific role
demian0311	everything101	1	No specific role
demian0311	pyborg	1	No specific role
demian0311	prysm	1	No specific role
demian0311	pix	1	No specific role
demian0311	petunia	1	No specific role
demian0311	panza	1	No specific role
demian0311	borg9	1	No specific role
demian0311	javatoolkit	0	Developer
demian0311	j2eepivot	1	No specific role
demian0311	javasandbox	1	No specific role
demianbr	dmml	1	No specific role
demiank	furthurnet	0	No specific role
demianlessa	zeoslib	0	No specific role
demianlessa	ygfront	1	No specific role
demianturner	spamproofwiki	1	No specific role
demianturner	simpletest	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
demianturner	seagull	1	Developer
demichel	multignometerm	1	Developer
demigod_ro	blackrune	1	All-Hands Person
demik	craw	0	No specific role
demik475	craw	1	Project Manager
demiles	fieldtripdb	1	Developer
demiliea	net-pbx	1	No specific role
demio	claap	1	No specific role
demione	chronomaster	1	No specific role
demione	radicaldreamers	1	No specific role
demiralp	tay	1	Project Manager
demirdji	estereo	1	No specific role
demisoftware	jest-project	1	No specific role
demitar	skycastle	0	Developer
demitar	worldforge	1	Developer
demitar	pydune	1	Developer
demitree	aibot	1	Developer
demitreelenn0x	xbox-linux	0	Developer
demiurge11	ugene	1	Project Manager
demius2q	cryptodispatch	1	No specific role
demjan	nonamekit	1	No specific role
demko	lanstore	0	Developer
demmi	cligg	1	Developer
demmian	tplusplus	0	No specific role
demo-n	darwiin-remote	0	Tester
demo88	pm-framework	1	No specific role
demo88	micro-bsd	1	Developer
democrito	quantproject	0	No specific role
democrito75	symot	1	No specific role
democritus	webunitproj	0	Developer
demoel	hardhats	1	Developer
demoel	openvista	0	Developer
demoforge	mirage-driver	1	No specific role
demokrit	oc4ware	0	Developer
demolish	sandboxpix	1	Project Manager
demom	auroraproject	1	No specific role
demon	afpfs-ng	0	Developer
demon	iptperl	1	No specific role
demonas	la2gr-c4	1	No specific role
demonbane	gcheck	1	No specific role
demonbane	neurosdbm	0	Developer
demonbyte	exploworkshop	1	No specific role
demoncrat	epan	1	All-Hands Person
demoncrat	jungerl	1	No specific role
demoncrat	skwiki	1	No specific role
demoncrat	haskell-libs	0	Developer
demoncrat	idel	1	No specific role
demond	hybrid7-bg	1	No specific role
demond	hybserv-bg	1	No specific role
demongloom	dpf-framework	1	All-Hands Person
demonhost	conductrpg	1	No specific role
demoniak	wlv	0	Developer
demonian	tagebuch	1	No specific role
demonic_spiral	temp-nexus	1	No specific role
demonioardente	puremessenger	1	No specific role
demonixz	comiccode	1	All-Hands Person
demonixz	openlyric	1	No specific role
demonlord	miningbuddy	1	Project Manager
demonlord	revive	0	No specific role
demonmoo	asecurity	1	No specific role
demonmoo	freegps	1	No specific role
demonsboy	uasphere-euo	0	Developer
demonslay	tltms	0	Developer
demonstudios	ai-php-class	1	Unix Admin
demontanaro	darkclockers	1	No specific role
demontpx	paddock	1	No specific role
demontpx	mp3renamer	1	Developer
demontpx	ftpadmin	1	No specific role
demonx	jugemodel	1	No specific role
demon_lord	carl	1	No specific role
demon_slayer_42	jhotel	1	Developer
demoric	modamp	1	Project Manager
demorphix	hintsd	0	Developer
demortes	dnal	1	All-Hands Person
demos2006	casapro	0	Developer
demoss	cclan	0	All-Hands Person
demoss	portableaserve	0	Developer
demoss	sbcl	0	All-Hands Person
demosten	shellexman	1	No specific role
demosten	showtraf	1	No specific role
demosten	zfplib	1	No specific role
demostene	platon	1	Project Manager
demostene	cebalo	1	No specific role
demostene	jslog	0	No specific role
demotester	gssftp	0	No specific role
demoulinjeanphi	presiglande	0	No specific role
dempmaster	ospora	1	Developer
dempseywilliams	tdracing	1	Developer
dempsey_	extratools	1	Project Manager
dempsey_	vwatch	1	Project Manager
demrit	adyne	1	Developer
demrit	christine	0	No specific role
demrle	apolon	0	Developer
demsnawak	http-launcher	1	No specific role
demtnt	cicqc	0	Developer
demus_wiesbaden	satrap	0	No specific role
demzzz	wired	0	Developer
den01wagner	data-aware-ctrl	1	No specific role
den737	icq-gate	1	No specific role
denada	exfex	0	Developer
denadai2	revokebb	1	No specific role
denagath	damocles	1	Project Manager
denard	starprise	0	Developer
denaro	giavamachia	0	No specific role
denatus	jmoviebot	1	Project Manager
denazevedo	ministryassist	1	Developer
denbro	blobsy	0	Developer
denchi	tinyos	0	Developer
dende79	bbarena	0	Developer
dendik	eryx	1	Developer
dendiman	adldap	1	No specific role
dendiman	easytipper	1	No specific role
dendiman	strongholdcms	1	No specific role
dendrite	bgs	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dendrotech	ecored	1	No specific role
deneb	spinglpp	1	No specific role
deneb	bondlog	1	No specific role
deneb007	neuclear	0	Developer
deneb007	jabaserver	0	Developer
denebeim	wx200d	1	No specific role
deneb_alpha	luna-admin-tool	1	Developer
denelge	kbear	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
denememule	deneme	1	No specific role
denep	calcutor	1	No specific role
dener	erp-br	0	No specific role
denessapi	club610	1	All-Hands Person
denethor	marnifra	1	Developer
denever	aldo	1	Developer
denevito	kron	0	No specific role
dengar256	pklite	1	Developer
dengarjs	tou	1	No specific role
dengber	startemplate	1	No specific role
dengchengyao	flickrdesktop	0	Developer
dengel	anope	1	Project Manager
dengel	blogzone	1	Project Manager
dengel	servicesng	1	No specific role
dengen	gnoise	1	No specific role
denger1	sonix	0	No specific role
dengine	hlq	1	No specific role
dengjiadi	tingtingonline	1	No specific role
denglend	usb8x	1	Project Manager
denglend	calcsys	1	No specific role
denglend	multios	1	No specific role
dengol	xd-shell	1	All-Hands Person
dengoy	lemonsms	0	No specific role
dengqizhou	myisframework	1	No specific role
dengshi	mapeasy	0	Developer
dengvall	emc	0	Developer
dengwu	obe	0	Developer
dengxue1982	psm4j	0	Developer
dengyunze	excelxmlwriter	1	No specific role
dengyunze	cynthia	1	No specific role
deng_xy	openq	0	Developer
denhollinden	chromeportal	0	Developer
denial	claymore	0	Developer
denial	wpi-gdc	1	Project Manager
denial	wpigdc-cms	1	Project Manager
denidoom	omniblog	1	No specific role
deniel77	agendaclientes	1	Developer
deniger	fudaa	1	Project Manager
deniger	vainstall	1	Developer
denilsonvm	ippersonality	0	Developer
denis	kicq	1	Project Manager
denis	icqlib	1	Project Manager
denis	xmbforum	0	Developer
denis-hamann	mangos-tools	1	No specific role
denis-oleynik	ntable	1	No specific role
denis32	vimage-d	1	No specific role
denis77	wdtk	1	Project Manager
denisahearn	drooldotnet	1	Developer
denisakubelkova	fastrpc	0	Web Designer
denisa_borges	vxl	0	No specific role
denisboutin	xdoclet-websphe	1	Unix Admin
denisbr	slackbookptbr	0	No specific role
deniscmc	surfacebuilder	1	Developer
deniscmc	gpm-system	1	Developer
deniscmc	gpe4gtk	0	No specific role
deniscyber	hypatiadb	0	Doc Writer
denisd	rebel-linux	1	Developer
denisdekat	calliope	0	Developer
denisfigueiredo	paradoxx	1	No specific role
denisgeorge	brume	1	No specific role
deniskot	qfreq	1	No specific role
denisld	strongroom	1	Project Manager
denisld	djplay	0	No specific role
denisling	denisling	1	No specific role
denismaier	palmipeds	1	No specific role
denismaier	tradivarius	1	No specific role
denismaier	soninalum	1	No specific role
denismarchais	audela	1	No specific role
denismc	jaluna	0	Project Manager
denisra	jxtaim	0	Developer
denisstaudt	andecerto	1	Project Manager
denistn	pdfdownload	1	No specific role
denisu	phpbot	1	Developer
denisvitti	debiancell	0	Developer
denisvolkov	vic-eshop	1	Project Manager
denisw	deap-api	1	No specific role
deniswirries	mincover	1	Project Manager
denisx	mm2d	1	Developer
denis_arnaud	seg	1	Project Manager
denis_arnaud	rmol	1	Project Manager
denis_arnaud	gabe	1	No specific role
denis_arnold	boss-synth	0	Developer
denis_dereka	mfradio	0	Developer
denis_dev	psm	1	Project Manager
denis_dev	falaf	1	Project Manager
denis_gaertner	ldap2sparql	1	No specific role
denis_jaimes	egoanim	1	No specific role
denis_kirin	sapidll	1	No specific role
denis_kirin	spirc	1	No specific role
denis_kirin	civildefence	1	No specific role
denis_kirin	adk	0	Developer
denis_martin	insafluxvideo	0	Developer
denis_pitzalis	jacpi	1	No specific role
denis_pitzalis	erosonrails	1	No specific role
denis_pitzalis	iipimage	1	Developer
denis_polevoi	ros-linux	1	Project Manager
denis_royer	dr-wiki	1	No specific role
denis_vl	jnfa	1	Project Manager
denis_yann	emailvis	0	No specific role
deniva	jaximus	0	No specific role
denix	kniznica	1	Project Manager
deniz02	belgeler	1	No specific role
deniz02	gnu-tr	1	Project Manager
denizesen	netvert	1	No specific role
denizka	cv-bc	1	No specific role
denizkuset	iseforsimd	1	No specific role
denizozsen	ubiqlipse	1	Developer
denizt	xcsoar	0	Developer
denka	ipolyglot	1	Developer
denken89	orthos	1	No specific role
denkenz	parchive2	0	Developer
denkpanzer	pixelbrei	0	Developer
denladeside	oui	0	Developer
denmike76	hp15c	1	No specific role
denn	fotok	1	No specific role
denn	eddah	1	No specific role
denn	pibuilder	1	All-Hands Person
denn	waltzz	1	All-Hands Person
denncarm	yadtt	1	No specific role
dennebom	fullxml-php	1	No specific role
dennel	webextreme	1	Developer
dennerbb	notes2	0	Developer
dennerbb	mdo	0	Tester
dennha	nh-recorder	1	No specific role
dennha	kchecker	1	No specific role
dennha	dornthal	1	No specific role
dennieschang	internetdirect	0	Developer
dennis	freeorion	0	Developer
dennis-me	comicviewernet	1	No specific role
dennis08865	muzicvault	0	Developer
dennis2	tcltextedit	1	Developer
dennis3484	shutup	1	Developer
dennis3_1415	openspacegame	0	Developer
dennis56	pyapps	1	Developer
dennis56	phpdirector	0	Developer
dennis56	phoenixz	0	Developer
dennis56	maxbb	1	Developer
dennis721	rars	0	Web Designer
dennisatwacky	phpkeep	1	No specific role
dennisb1	debots	1	No specific role
dennisbaldwin	j2mem2m	0	No specific role
dennisbaldwin	m2mxml	0	Developer
dennisbek	or-mvc-gui	1	No specific role
dennisbyrne	protest	1	Project Manager
dennisbyrne	jsf-comp	0	Developer
dennischin	stockerator	1	Developer
dennisda	autopilot	0	Developer
dennisdominic	uwaprj	1	Requirements Engineering
dennisfantoni	firebird	0	No specific role
dennisferenczy	fugu	0	Developer
dennisj2	vassalengine	0	Developer
dennisjoel	odin-project	1	Project Manager
dennisjoel	pandaproject	1	Developer
denniskempin	thorframework	1	Developer
dennisl	ultimatefilofax	0	Developer
dennislundberg	vdoclet	0	Developer
dennislundberg	jetstyle	1	No specific role
dennismp	bzflag	0	Web Designer
dennismulder	cbnet	0	Developer
dennisne	freedict	0	Developer
dennispallett	phpviewsource	1	No specific role
dennispopel	freeformmvc	1	No specific role
dennisrosa	clx-report	0	Developer
dennisschaaf	ivman	0	Developer
dennisschoepfer	oneiric	0	Developer
dennisscj	entai	0	Doc Writer
dennisstr	dotplot	0	Developer
dennistm	spamdetainer	1	No specific role
dennistt	swcrpg2006	1	Project Manager
dennistt	tradediplomacy	1	No specific role
dennistt	ibswc2006	1	Project Manager
dennisyee	schedsimulator	1	No specific role
dennis_buecker	quickdial	1	No specific role
dennis_decoene	dsac	1	Developer
dennis_lanigan	newseasons	1	Developer
dennis_lloyd_jr	tsqlunit	0	Developer
dennis_marti	valuhack	0	Developer
dennis_pedrie	cadencegb	1	No specific role
dennis_philpot	bytetales	1	No specific role
dennis_pro	dbpager	1	No specific role
dennis_van	mamcrm	1	No specific role
dennith	pligame	0	No specific role
denniz	z88dk	0	No specific role
denniz	z88	0	Developer
dennorskegutten	etextreader	0	No specific role
dennova	popul	1	Developer
dennypage	fancontrol	1	All-Hands Person
dennys	dquery	1	Project Manager
dennys	dexcel	1	All-Hands Person
dennythedog	ericyuen	0	No specific role
dennyway	atp	1	Developer
denolfj	salto-framework	1	Project Manager
denolfj	salto-db	1	Project Manager
denopqrihg	vba	1	No specific role
denor	tradermissions	1	No specific role
denor	rubygame	0	Developer
denor	fanrep	1	No specific role
denor	getaway	1	No specific role
denote	ether	1	No specific role
denote	dcas	1	No specific role
denpet	fairaid	1	No specific role
denreaper	projectlibre	1	No specific role
denreaper	walapi	1	No specific role
densest	multipodcaster	1	Project Manager
denshade	semanticdebug	1	No specific role
denshade	formalproof	1	No specific role
denshi	nsruby	1	All-Hands Person
denspike	mod-uworld	1	Project Manager
denspike	undernet-ircu	0	Developer
denspike	evilnet	1	Developer
denspike	gnuworld	1	Developer
denspike	cyclebot	0	Developer
denstark	starkblog	1	No specific role
denstoreklinge	g3gc	0	Developer
dentalcalendar	dentalmarq	1	No specific role
denthijs	zoidberg	0	Developer
dentist	weblocos	0	Doc Writer
dentist23	dcmms	0	Doc Writer
dentist23	dccss	0	Doc Writer
dentist23	dcwaterdesign	0	All-Hands Person
dentist23	bmfo	0	Editorial/Content Writer
dentoid	cel	0	Developer
dentoid	crystal	0	Developer
dentonj	sastk	1	Developer
dentrassi	gamebase	0	No specific role
dentro	epoint	0	Analysis / Design
dentrusty	mpjchess	1	No specific role
dentrusty	tacticfantasy	1	Developer
denu84	icek	0	Graphic/Other Designer
denux	dedotdnx	1	No specific role
denux	demeos	1	No specific role
denux	cbasic	1	No specific role
denver	attal	0	Developer
denverdash	openpnl	1	Project Manager
denveroid	itaforum	0	Requirements Engineering
denver_	aedo	1	Project Manager
denwo	bugrdspace	1	Developer
denys_p	ges	1	No specific role
denzissimo	denzosoft	1	No specific role
denzissimo	dgs	1	No specific role
denzo2	snoopy	0	Developer
denzuko	polarcap	1	Developer
denzuko	unimatrix	1	All-Hands Person
den_jean	qtforfpc	1	No specific role
den_jean	mseide-msegui	1	No specific role
den_rdc	pytvgrab	1	Developer
den_rybakov	farplugins	0	Developer
den_rybakov	beclean	0	Developer
den_st	jhotdraw	0	Developer
den_st	neurosdbm	0	Developer
deo	smirc	1	No specific role
deobald	ccnet	0	Developer
deondewet	tendersystem	0	Developer
deoradh	pyappbar	1	No specific role
deornoth	memail	1	No specific role
deostem	opencatalog	0	No specific role
deostroll	cmdas	1	No specific role
deovc	creeps	1	No specific role
dep3	rks	1	No specific role
dep4b	msjdbcproxy	1	No specific role
dep4b	xdoclet	0	No specific role
dep4b	xingu	0	Developer
dep4b	maven-plugins	1	Developer
dep4b	dbunit	1	Developer
dep4b	jdbforms	0	Developer
dep4b	jcrontab	0	Developer
depairet	camelb	1	No specific role
depairet	hudbot	0	Developer
depaloan	siom	1	Developer
depaula	infomap	1	No specific role
depeh	wapmess	1	No specific role
depesz	polishpgdoc	0	Developer
depetrini	optimize	1	No specific role
depetrini	cidrmerge	1	No specific role
depeyrot	wxwindows	0	No specific role
dephazz	xisql	1	No specific role
dephee	playbilling	0	Developer
depiroueric	sgrti3d	1	No specific role
depiroueric	bzl3d	1	No specific role
depke_j	septisch	0	Developer
deplancq	madsserv	0	Developer
depoll	gamescrafters	1	Developer
deportes_gamma	deportes-gamma	1	No specific role
deppeler	sid	1	No specific role
depps	netrepreneurs	1	No specific role
depquid	configportal	1	Developer
depquid	pwdrill	1	Developer
deprince	rtrat	1	No specific role
depst8	netstrobe	1	No specific role
depsypher	minibar	1	No specific role
depsypher	parsec	1	Project Manager
depth	metasystem	1	Developer
depth	metaeditor	1	Developer
depth_charge	codeaster-intl	1	No specific role
deq	pagezoom	1	Developer
deq	ptns	1	No specific role
der	jena	1	Developer
der-domi	phpmycontacts	1	No specific role
der1004	firewalladdons	1	All-Hands Person
der23er	bandwidthabuser	1	No specific role
der23er	pointingstick	1	No specific role
der23er	cash-in-n-out	1	No specific role
derada	vis5d	0	Developer
deraedge	fabiocms	1	No specific role
deragon	swtmvcwrapper	1	No specific role
deragon	autopoweroff	1	No specific role
derailed	allcity	1	Developer
deraj	fbg	1	No specific role
deraj	furioustv	1	No specific role
deraj	dmlbuild	1	No specific role
deraj	dml2	1	No specific role
deraj	shuriken	1	No specific role
deraj	sign2text	0	Developer
deraj	tc1k	1	No specific role
deraj	phamicom	1	Developer
deramirez	netamsadmin	1	No specific role
deramirez	netams	0	Developer
derandy2	pal	0	No specific role
deransar	tra4cp	1	Project Manager
derbaff	gai	1	Developer
derbaff	tea-timer	1	No specific role
derbas	tpapro	0	Developer
derbes	oerp	0	Developer
derbeyn	akt	1	No specific role
derbeyn	libtune	1	No specific role
derblaueklaus	gedbas4all	0	Developer
derby_ct	utopiabb	0	Graphic/Other Designer
derca	itpmr	0	Developer
dercasa	openshowcenter	1	No specific role
derchalia	incaforums	0	No specific role
dercyc	dkms	0	No specific role
derdanny	daimonin	0	Developer
derdanny	japi	0	Developer
derdanny	gridarta	1	Project Manager
derdash	evouni	0	Developer
derdb	cubiclevim	0	No specific role
derdoc	brago	1	All-Hands Person
derdoc	brago2	1	No specific role
derdom	isequoi	1	No specific role
derdon123	comicphp	1	Developer
derdon123	darodesigns	1	No specific role
derdon123	devware	1	No specific role
derdraco	lostclan	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dereckson	sycorax	1	Project Manager
dereine	orion-forum	0	Developer
derek-jap	anon	0	Support Manager
derek-lakin	flexwiki	0	No specific role
derek23	tuproxy	1	No specific role
derek42	silcpm	0	Developer
derekarthur	myeai	0	Analysis / Design
derekas	ufseniorproject	0	No specific role
derekberube	videoserv	1	Developer
derekberube	wfaforars	1	Project Manager
derekberube	arsclientje	1	No specific role
derekberube	arsfree	1	Developer
derekberube	arsperfmgmt	1	No specific role
derekberube	replayer	1	Developer
derekberube	ooarsapi	1	No specific role
derekbrooks	bangthedrumcln	0	All-Hands Person
derekc	wix	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
derekchirnside	cce-interact	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
derekchung	tactile12000	0	Developer
derekcroft	railsfitness	1	All-Hands Person
derekcv	session-captcha	0	Developer
derekd	bigsister	0	Developer
derekdagit	bando	0	Developer
derekdagit	uofiindirect	0	Developer
dereke	tbot	1	Developer
derekh	xpipe	1	No specific role
derekh17	tgdgrpg	1	All-Hands Person
derekhunter4	swtaddons	1	No specific role
dereki	logview4j	0	Developer
derekj212	itunesid3	1	No specific role
derekjames	anji	1	No specific role
derekjames	nevt	1	No specific role
dereklane	marcpm	0	No specific role
derekmacdonald	srtp	1	Developer
derekparnell	win32libex	1	Project Manager
derekparnell	euvide	1	No specific role
derekphotoman	fuzznuts	1	Project Manager
derekphotoman	asdic	1	No specific role
derekross	wikipedia	0	All-Hands Person
derekrprice	ccvs	1	Developer
derekryder	thirdway	1	Developer
derekslife	jcello	1	Developer
dereksmithies	konference	0	Developer
dereksmithies	h323ac	0	Developer
dereksmithies	openh323	0	No specific role
dereksmithies	cphone	1	No specific role
derekverlee	ersid	1	No specific role
derekwest	xibms	0	Distributor/Promoter
derekwildstar	pbb-player	0	Developer
derek_111	jseu	1	No specific role
derek_adams	flex2components	1	No specific role
derek_jm	phptang	1	No specific role
derek_jm	smartfrog	0	No specific role
derek_kraan	opentext	0	DBA (Database Administrator)
derek_starr	geodesic-2000	1	No specific role
derek_wight	barebonespic	1	No specific role
derelict_dream	calc	0	Developer
deren	hotproject	1	Developer
derethor	gtksdl	1	No specific role
dereulenspiegel	bpu	1	No specific role
derevko	qrblstats	1	No specific role
derfallen	helan	1	No specific role
derfel	loki-lib	0	Developer
derget	tiab	0	Developer
dergilb	urbanassault	0	Developer
dergraefi	rob	1	Developer
dergro	vobri	1	No specific role
derhans	gucms	1	No specific role
derheini	wimalo	1	No specific role
derheld42	omail	0	Developer
derheld42	autocontent	1	Project Manager
deria	uimimic	1	Project Manager
deria	sageplugins	0	Developer
deriamis	nexus-os	1	Project Manager
deribas	async-j	1	Developer
deribas	ilabs	1	Support Manager
derickito	mangu	1	Project Manager
dericsully	koha	0	Developer
derieux	netmanageutils	1	Developer
derijkp	tcl-dbi	1	No specific role
derijkp	extral	1	No specific role
derijkp	classytk	1	No specific role
derijkp	classytcl	1	No specific role
derijkp	rnaviz	1	No specific role
derikz	clipcast	1	No specific role
derinformatiker	swtaevgeo	1	No specific role
derisavi	tikiwiki	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
derjan82	boardgameonline	0	No specific role
derjoerg	typo3xdev	0	Developer
derjohan	gaim-claws	1	Developer
derjohn	trafficforecast	1	No specific role
derjohn	ispman	0	Developer
derjoni	proton-ce	0	Editorial/Content Writer
derkau	hector	0	Developer
derki	tmate	1	Developer
derkilian	lotterland2	1	Project Manager
derkilian	remoteupdate	0	Developer
derkkooi	senator	0	Developer
derklaus	project-open	1	No specific role
derkleine71	jcmsel2k2	0	No specific role
derkleine71	jicmtm	0	Developer
derkoe	xletview	0	Developer
derkork	net-script	1	Project Manager
derkork	lcarsx	1	All-Hands Person
derkosta	emule-efmod	0	Web Designer
derkyle	auctioneer-wow	0	Developer
derletztekick	leagueeditor	1	No specific role
derleyici	oobeg	1	Developer
derliz	faus	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dermarquee	dimensionofphpb	1	Graphic/Other Designer
dermarsl	samba4wins-tool	1	No specific role
dermarv	gprename	1	Developer
dermatze	x-rally	1	Project Manager
dermichel	quiteinsane	1	No specific role
dermoe	v2crs	1	No specific role
dermoe	wowcrafter	1	No specific role
dermoe	moeicq	1	No specific role
dermoerder	bomberlan	1	Developer
dermole	party	1	No specific role
dermoth	nagiosplug	0	Developer
dermotm	pkgbuild	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
dermox	elderisles	0	No specific role
dermox	tbase	0	Developer
dernewt	swss	1	No specific role
dernewt	vorms	1	Project Manager
derobert	lateral	1	No specific role
derobert	neuros	1	Developer
derobert	freecard	0	No specific role
derobins	ascii-tvib-drv	1	No specific role
derost	achanis	1	No specific role
derover	digimeente-mo	0	No specific role
derpagan	urbanassault	0	Developer
derpepe	pjscms	1	No specific role
derphil	torrentobserver	1	Project Manager
derpi	ironi	1	No specific role
derpirat	cavepaint	1	Developer
derralf	rhttpd	1	Project Manager
derrell	qooxdoo	0	Developer
derrichard	codename-sars	1	Project Manager
derrickcoetzee	coolcc	0	Developer
derricklo	cron-backup	1	No specific role
derrickoswald	connector	1	Project Manager
derrickoswald	htmlparser	1	Project Manager
derricks	icecubes	0	Developer
derril	phpcalendar	1	No specific role
derritter	phpdblib	1	All-Hands Person
derritter	phpdbadmin	1	All-Hands Person
derryhamilton	sptools	1	No specific role
derryn	jmusic	0	Developer
derscot	openlp	0	Developer
dersheriff	phpmymeeting	1	No specific role
dersmutje	boardgameonline	0	No specific role
derstappen78	at-media-page	1	Developer
derstempel	torrentfeed	1	Project Manager
dersturmbringer	initool	1	No specific role
dert	hammer	1	No specific role
dert	sowhat	1	Developer
derterz	terz	1	No specific role
dertexas	geocast	1	Project Manager
derthomas	hg80	1	No specific role
derthomy	wsbpeltc	0	No specific role
dertron	widelands	0	Developer
dertron	darkeyetool	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
dertron	openttd	0	Developer
dertron	ufoai	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
derula	new-cms	1	No specific role
derulukai	ocmod	0	Graphic/Other Designer
derupe	ganita	1	No specific role
derupe	charix	1	No specific role
derupe	kaprekar	1	No specific role
derupe	matra	1	No specific role
dervishd	pawm	1	Project Manager
dervishdancer	xoro	1	Developer
dervitx	pandora	0	Developer
dervitx	pandoramon	0	Developer
derwenzel	j-a-m-p	1	Project Manager
derwig	timedoctor	0	Developer
derwolof	nbodysim01	1	No specific role
derwood	wireless	0	Content Management
derwood	decentric	1	Developer
derxen	ggo	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
deryj	sysback	1	No specific role
deryk	eucalyptus	0	Developer
deryl	strutstestcase	1	No specific role
deryni9	gaimosd	1	Developer
deryni9	gaim	0	Developer
derzach	openhbci	0	Developer
derzach	ktoblzcheck	1	No specific role
derzach	aqmoney	0	Developer
derzloty	net-script	1	Developer
der_doener	themanaworld	0	Developer
der_eisbaer	aftermaze	0	Developer
der_fisch	clanbomber	1	Project Manager
der_freak_00	guckets	1	Tester
der_freak_00	gplbuch	0	Developer
der_hannes	offline-o-pedia	1	No specific role
der_hannes	mgo	1	No specific role
der_herbst	ftphp	1	No specific role
der_hexer	crawl-it	1	No specific role
der_jordan	deepemailminer	1	Project Manager
der_kalender	t-o-p	1	No specific role
der_liebe_gott	timesofdarkness	0	Developer
der_maddin	emujoy	1	No specific role
der_martin	mimasim	1	No specific role
der_moon	rugame	1	No specific role
der_moon	balbes	1	No specific role
der_n0x	musicparty	1	No specific role
der_specht	wlandscape	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
der_suchende	rj-spam	1	Unix Admin
der_ventilator	gsoft	0	Developer
der_zippy	tsbk05-minigolf	1	No specific role
des09	jediconfig	1	No specific role
des5	sengagedms	1	Project Manager
desade70	sdtourndir	1	No specific role
desala	fulge	1	Project Manager
desalvionjr	sbrowse	1	Project Manager
desantisernesto	kneobase	0	Developer
desantisernesto	opencmslucene	0	Developer
desau	nnplaying	1	No specific role
desau	wamby	1	No specific role
desbrowne	fear	0	Developer
descarte	xmms-projectm	0	Developer
descender	beepmp	1	Developer
descender	libvisual	0	Developer
descender	ninjicular	0	No specific role
descender	copter	1	No specific role
descenderx	harmony-com	1	Project Manager
desch-mosher	openev	0	Developer
deschle	annwebservice	1	No specific role
deschle	kionomad	1	No specific role
deschler	krusader	1	Web Designer
descil	evocircuit	1	No specific role
desconocida	eafitfs	0	Developer
descubes	xlr	1	Project Manager
descubes	emacs-on-aqua	1	No specific role
descubes	mozart-dev	1	No specific role
descubes	alpha-waves	1	No specific role
desc_org	chasers	1	No specific role
desdichado	ws-jdbc	1	No specific role
desdus	assoc-dll	0	No specific role
deserteagle_83	productscrawler	1	No specific role
desertokie	new-rpc	0	Doc Writer
desertratx	darkdestiny	0	Graphic/Other Designer
desertsnowman	morgan	1	No specific role
desfrenes	mychoonz	1	No specific role
deshack	romashka	1	Developer
deshantm	pmm-cms	1	Developer
deshantm	gvmv2	0	Developer
deshmukhanup	deegree	0	Developer
deshoup	mfilemanager	0	No specific role
deshrike	dkppro	0	Developer
deshuang	gnome-mp3	0	Developer
design-flayer	egcg	1	No specific role
design007	indra	1	No specific role
design007	mnemosynerefmgr	0	Developer
design007	vidaserver	0	Graphic/Other Designer
design007	omnigene	0	Web Designer
design007	ocses	0	Graphic/Other Designer
design007	openrook	0	Graphic/Other Designer
design108	papirus	0	Graphic/Other Designer
designa	betaverse	0	Developer
designa	crystal	0	Content Management
designa	unicorp	1	All-Hands Person
designer7	gpu	0	Graphic/Other Designer
designlet	gtkmedia	0	Developer
designlet	javacad	0	Developer
designlet	designlet	1	No specific role
designlinux	kannada-engine	1	No specific role
designmeinc	abbruch	0	Web Designer
designnj	e-sharepoint	0	Developer
designtechnolan	helpdeskcsharp	1	No specific role
design_dm	flexeshop	1	No specific role
desik	cazare	1	No specific role
desilva	mobible	1	All-Hands Person
desimic	frames	1	No specific role
desimind	bittime	1	No specific role
desireem	donortrust	0	No specific role
desivenkatesh	gita-glimpse	1	No specific role
desk	own-ftp	1	Project Manager
deskenny	hibernatediet	1	No specific role
desktopman	devkitpro	0	No specific role
desktoppack	desktoppack	1	No specific role
deslar	sweep	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
deslar	rox	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
desmatic	umc	1	No specific role
desmatic	lrmc	1	No specific role
desmatic	whoami	1	No specific role
desmax74	magic-box	1	No specific role
desmo23	metisagh	0	No specific role
desmo25	aura	1	Developer
desmondc	willowgd	1	Project Manager
desmondc	kprof	1	Project Manager
desmondd	eqmod	1	No specific role
desnajpa	tkabber-sk	1	No specific role
desnoix	vainstall	1	Project Manager
desnoix	fudaa	1	Project Manager
desnoix	icon-collection	0	Developer
desnoix	jdistro	1	Project Manager
desoi	portableaserve	1	Developer
desolate19	dtemplate	1	No specific role
desotron	spamthespammers	1	No specific role
desowin	qtscrob	1	No specific role
desowin	dziobber	1	No specific role
despa	addieland	0	Developer
despa	cmgame	1	Developer
despair	quake	1	Project Manager
despen	fvwm	0	No specific role
desperados	gestweb	1	Project Manager
despiegk	dcptools	1	Project Manager
despiegk	dctools	1	Project Manager
despiegk	dctos	1	Project Manager
despiegk	phprabbit	1	No specific role
despiegk	pylib	1	No specific role
despiegk	librsd	1	No specific role
despil	processdash	0	Developer
despil	sportmembmng	1	No specific role
despise	single-honeypot	0	Tester
despix	nirs	1	No specific role
despoton	aryan	1	Project Manager
desrod	pose	1	Developer
desrod	plucker	1	All-Hands Person
desrod	pilot-link	1	No specific role
desruisseaux	geoapi	1	Developer
desruisseaux	geotools	1	Developer
desruisseaux	seagis	1	Developer
desruisseaux	jsr-108	1	Project Manager
dessaya	princed	0	Unix Admin
dessent	ijbswa	0	Tester
dessex	tiny-cobol	1	Project Manager
dessieanderson	rchome	1	No specific role
dessieanderson	blitzmessenger	1	Project Manager
dessimat0r	mutewastehybrid	0	Developer
dessmann	mdlug	0	No specific role
dest	finklinux	0	Developer
dest123	spacefightergc	1	No specific role
dest123	developersclub	1	Project Manager
dest123	chessgc	1	No specific role
dest581	dynimshout	1	No specific role
destanyilanci	kabuk	1	No specific role
destard	dart	0	No specific role
destari	spamscan	1	Project Manager
destari	sprawler	1	Project Manager
destari	annevolve	1	Unix Admin
destari	gfs4fbsd	1	Developer
destari	bsdsar	1	Project Manager
dester	lanstore	0	Developer
desterlich	gazie	0	Editorial/Content Writer
destgi31	projetortho	1	No specific role
destine	ibiowa	1	No specific role
destini	plcodebrew	0	Developer
destinqo	xbookmark	1	No specific role
destinyml	msdnsmanager	1	No specific role
destiny_uk	dmotd	1	Project Manager
destkid	openvetmed	0	Developer
destrius	tojo	1	No specific role
destro360	tltms	0	Developer
destro360	the-acces-panel	1	Developer
destro360	office-suite	1	Project Manager
destroyer107	lordftp	1	No specific role
destroyer85	sgool	1	No specific role
destructionman	eventlist	1	Developer
destruk	pinmame	1	Developer
desunit	nmailunit	1	No specific role
desunit	jschess	1	No specific role
desvelar	aistockbot	0	Developer
desync	net2serial	1	No specific role
desync	tdisc	1	No specific role
desync	tcprelay	1	No specific role
det65	lwtools	1	No specific role
detach8	squid-graph	1	No specific role
detach8	qemu-server	1	No specific role
detae	habitat-rpg	1	No specific role
detail	txf	1	No specific role
details	madsteel	1	No specific role
detanto	care2002	0	Developer
detcidda	exsystanywhere	1	No specific role
detect	dynwin	1	Developer
determinator	xalid	0	Developer
determinator	zoolib	0	Developer
deterrak	smokedetector	1	No specific role
dethbom	vb6tovc6	0	Developer
dethkultur	torrentsnatcher	1	No specific role
dethkultur	rss-im	1	No specific role
dethkultur	imappserver	1	No specific role
dethmetaljeff	nobs2005	0	Developer
dethron	pergamus	1	No specific role
dethzit	ugene	0	Developer
dethzit	ccssadventure	1	Project Manager
deth_knight	nwn2tabras	0	No specific role
deti	gigaset307x	0	Developer
deti	agis	1	No specific role
detienne	urtaa	1	No specific role
detig	xindy	0	Content Management
detkin	coefficient	1	No specific role
detlet	teatime	1	No specific role
detlevo	eric-ide	1	No specific role
detlevv	freeimage	0	Developer
detmerch	vanengine	0	All-Hands Person
detodas	detodas	1	No specific role
detonator316	minerva	0	Developer
detritu5	hlstats	0	Developer
detroitpunk	itheater	0	Developer
detrout	genex	0	Developer
detrout	mged	0	Developer
detrout	sigmoid	1	Developer
detrout	pymerase	1	Project Manager
detruire	icfps	1	Project Manager
detruire	vubb	1	Project Manager
detsaw	wstats	1	No specific role
detstrcdr	patrefsys	1	No specific role
detto	popsimulation	0	Developer
detto	algebsql	0	Developer
dettori	itifg	0	Doc Writer
dettus	ninvaders	1	Project Manager
detwiler	trekfs	1	Developer
det_re	bittwist	1	No specific role
deuce	virtualt	1	Developer
deuce	theclans	1	Developer
deuce	perllord	1	No specific role
deuce	perlbbs	1	Project Manager
deuce	excel2mysql	1	No specific role
deuce	gacdoor	1	Developer
deuce	syncterm	1	No specific role
deuce199	profilesync	0	Developer
deuce199	regrapper	1	No specific role
deufeufeu	inl	1	Developer
deufeufeu	pycki	1	No specific role
deufeufeu	gtkmsn	1	Project Manager
deulos	lirio	1	No specific role
deur	wasp-messenger	1	Project Manager
deurk	gnudog	1	No specific role
deurk	mvdsv	0	Web Designer
deus164	zxcorp	0	Tester
deus42	studentgrades	1	Unix Admin
deusexbeer	lfsb	1	No specific role
deuspi	devolution-rpg	1	Project Manager
deuspi	brume	0	Developer
deusxl	irrlichtnetcp	1	Project Manager
deus_x	libdb	0	Developer
deus_x	amphetadesk	0	Developer
deus_x	poop	1	No specific role
deus_x	feedreactor	1	No specific role
deutschepost	csvpn	1	No specific role
deuxfleurs	coinche7	1	Developer
dev	eternity-it	0	Developer
dev	avatags	0	Developer
dev-csp	cppse	0	Doc Writer
dev-guru	tictactoe	1	No specific role
dev-hda	openax	1	No specific role
dev-null	lggt	1	No specific role
dev-null	gtkspec	1	No specific role
dev-postnuke	dpprojects	1	No specific role
dev-shu	azshumod	1	Developer
dev007	mille-xterm	1	Developer
dev007	mille-colibris	1	Project Manager
dev007	millebv	1	Developer
dev1	egovsh	0	Developer
dev13	openevent	1	No specific role
dev13	phpopenhelpdesk	1	No specific role
dev2null	tomcatide	1	No specific role
dev65	tepache	1	No specific role
dev65	webshopmanager	1	No specific role
dev6x0	unixce	1	No specific role
devalmehta	jnet	0	Developer
devananda	mysqlmgmscripts	1	No specific role
devananda_vdv	mycat	1	No specific role
devangdevang	indianoss	0	Developer
devang_modi	progress-to-xls	1	No specific role
devanjedi	getflix	1	No specific role
devanoh	bonfireflights	0	Developer
devanshu	bricspe	1	Developer
devanstator	openswg	1	Developer
devarajd	asuecetpublish	0	Developer
devari	faf	1	No specific role
devarshi	sonet	1	No specific role
devartdude	ctksengine	1	Project Manager
devartdude	damnjava	1	Project Manager
devashishb	devashishb	1	No specific role
devashishb	value	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
devashishb	con-man	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
devashishb	mobileiiop	1	No specific role
devaster	ffdshow-tryout	0	Developer
devaster	x264gpu	1	Developer
devaulx	web-portal	0	Developer
devbanana	bananaphp	1	No specific role
devbits	fbclientlib	1	No specific role
devboy_xbits	xbitstracker	1	No specific role
devchris	toshibapdr	1	No specific role
devcjohnson	edusmart	1	All-Hands Person
devcore	jconquer	0	All-Hands Person
devcybiko	videothen	1	No specific role
devcybiko	miachat	1	No specific role
devcybiko	multibot	1	No specific role
devcybiko	quincichat	1	No specific role
devcybiko	tcpkit	1	No specific role
devcybiko	projectcybiko	1	No specific role
devcybiko	dyd	1	No specific role
devcybiko	dydblog	1	No specific role
devcybiko	cybikojed	1	No specific role
devcybiko	b2cv5	1	No specific role
devdj	bos	1	Developer
devduck	casignome	1	No specific role
devduck	tear	1	Project Manager
deve	pyut	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
devein	acmosisfr	1	No specific role
devel	swatmysql	0	No specific role
devel-butterfly	devel-butterfly	1	No specific role
devel-it	ticket-it	1	No specific role
devel-it	wist	1	No specific role
devel0	nrdbview	0	Developer
devel75	jbmanageit	0	Developer
develar	ms2sm	1	Developer
develin	dbeasy	1	Developer
develin	sfta	1	All-Hands Person
develobaer	jaldl	1	Developer
develop	yaxmltk	0	Developer
develop-it	dokeos	0	Developer
develop140	mmorpg-voip	0	Developer
developer	dfilter	0	Content Management
developer	wwwd	0	Project Manager
developer-dan	gcs	1	All-Hands Person
developer1	oslaw	0	Project Manager
developer1	shos	1	No specific role
developera	xipclass	1	No specific role
developerdx	spam-abuse	1	Project Manager
developerjoe	openhl	0	No specific role
developerman	ccenter	1	No specific role
developernotes	nmetabase	1	Project Manager
developerstudio	matrixos	1	No specific role
developer_fbgui	freebasicgui	1	No specific role
development	elviz	1	No specific role
developpeur	s-f-m	1	No specific role
develop_php	ajaxftpexplorer	1	No specific role
develop_php	phpmydesigner	1	No specific role
develop_php	phpdbdesigner	1	No specific role
develyoy	wikiengine	1	Project Manager
devel_genex_va	va-genex	0	Developer
devel_genex_va	geoss	0	Developer
devendarreddy	wrss	0	Developer
devender	periodictables	0	Developer
devendra_l	phpsdm	1	No specific role
devendra_l	kamaelia	0	Developer
devendra_l	boxfit	1	No specific role
devenrich	tithi	0	No specific role
devepic	epicplugins	1	No specific role
deverest	dotnetopensrc	0	Distributor/Promoter
deverly	liquidmaya	0	Developer
deverne	gnade	1	Developer
deverne	glipssvgeditor	0	No specific role
devert	beagle	0	Developer
devert	blindbuilder	1	Developer
devesh84	prodebug	1	No specific role
devesh84	meghadoot	1	No specific role
devet	squid	0	Developer
devete	devete	1	No specific role
devette	mvc-ep	1	No specific role
devexial	opentournament	1	No specific role
deveye	septakisg	1	No specific role
deve_prasad	penumbra	1	Project Manager
deve_prasad	filecrypter	0	Tester
devfaust	nnet	1	No specific role
devfd0	yavista	1	No specific role
devgeneric	bagelclient	1	No specific role
devgirl	archetypes	0	Developer
devgirl	flyingcircus	1	Developer
devgirl	plone-i18n	0	Developer
devgirl	collective	0	Developer
devgude	emcd-exchg-form	0	Developer
devhawk	dasblogce	0	No specific role
devhuman	perlconc	0	Developer
devi86	lemmings-3bit	1	No specific role
deviance2d	acornhunt	0	Web Designer
deviance2d	openeduweb	0	Web Designer
deviance2d	hubble	0	Web Designer
deviant1	dv2stream	0	No specific role
deviant777	phr	0	Developer
deviantcode	holdemhand	1	No specific role
devianter	eworkbook	0	No specific role
deviantp	xcraft	1	Developer
deviate	phpmyladder	0	No specific role
device666	gplflash	0	All-Hands Person
devicenet	jdcms	0	Tester
devicenet	sojourner	0	Web Designer
devicente	zaralinux	0	Developer
devicerandom	genetic	0	Developer
device_null	verisimilar	1	Developer
deviexx	themanaworld	0	Content Management
devigilo	cdscc	0	Developer
devijvers	janygen	1	No specific role
devijvers	springframework	0	Developer
devik	kulakcommander	1	Developer
devikyn	dathena	1	No specific role
devil2dice	riseofthedark	0	All-Hands Person
devilcrayon	bbc	0	No specific role
devildante	smell	0	No specific role
devildrey33	dreypplayer	1	No specific role
devile	startuxcode	0	Developer
devile	adamastor	1	Developer
devile	indexer	1	Developer
devilhaunts	htmltutor	0	Tester
devilheart	pdamapquest	1	No specific role
devilheart	ou-cs442-542	0	All-Hands Person
devilhorns	enlightenment	0	Doc Writer
devilhorns	e17genmenu	1	Developer
deviljyurio	catch-rat	0	Developer
devilkin	telemon	1	Project Manager
devilkin	kbear	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
devilkin	phptelemeter	1	Project Manager
devilkin	pws	1	Project Manager
devilkin77	wdesktop	0	Web Designer
devilm	openxcf	1	No specific role
devilm	jxwb	1	No specific role
devilok	hackbot-ng	1	Developer
deviloper	odbcjdbc	0	Developer
devilplus	libkosl	1	Project Manager
devilrob	devilrob	1	No specific role
devilsandy	zigbuzz	0	Developer
devilsrejection	rapidex	1	No specific role
devilwolf	jpype	1	No specific role
devilzride	dzcp	1	No specific role
devil_law	e107	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
devil_moon	oslc	1	Project Manager
devil_woke	metaaso	1	Developer
devim	mozcow	1	Developer
devin2	memephage	0	Developer
devincen	gazie	1	Project Manager
devinegan	ajaxcart	1	No specific role
devineni	ref	1	Developer
deving	barista	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
devinhedge	postprodone	1	Project Manager
devink	liblogging	0	No specific role
devink	sdscsyslog	1	All-Hands Person
devink	watchcgi	1	All-Hands Person
devinlane	myko	1	Graphic/Other Designer
devinlane	skitunes	0	Developer
devinpoolman	xonx	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
devinteske	synhxd	1	No specific role
devinteske	hotlinex	0	No specific role
devintrotter	freepfw	0	Tester
devinvenire	javaboleto	0	Developer
devinwilson	signer	1	No specific role
deviorian	groups	0	Developer
devios	deviosgames	1	No specific role
deviousdeva	astral-revol	1	Graphic/Other Designer
devis-inc	ezro	1	No specific role
devish	rent	0	Developer
devishi	swebs	0	Editorial/Content Writer
devisice	slicklinux	0	No specific role
devisice	jasonkitty	1	Developer
devisice	vgames	0	No specific role
deviyani	buncis	0	Developer
devj	jesstaglib	1	No specific role
devjon	obsdlgui	0	Developer
devjon	kingdomconquest	0	No specific role
devkong	opensandra	0	Developer
devl	pdclib	1	Project Manager
devl0st	s3side	1	No specific role
devli	mediaon	0	Developer
devlibdummy	devlib	0	Tester
devlinx	openmss	0	Developer
devlond	pledgedriveplug	1	No specific role
devloop	phparanoid	1	No specific role
devloop	wapiti	1	No specific role
devmatryx	bmotion	0	Developer
devmax	rcss3dtrainer	1	Project Manager
devmonkey	jpreference	0	Developer
devmonkey	palm-sv203	1	Developer
devnall	strawmush	1	Developer
devnall	genosx	1	No specific role
devniall	oasys	1	No specific role
devnitrous	bosscaster	0	Developer
devniv	tikiwiki	0	Developer
devnoor	my-desktop-wiki	1	No specific role
devnull-	cubeirc	1	Developer
devnulled	getsetcf	1	No specific role
devoh	joone	0	Developer
devoid1	cgl-class	1	No specific role
devolish	srvsys	1	No specific role
devolish	smbind	1	Developer
devolt	devolt	1	All-Hands Person
devolve	libb64	1	No specific role
devon1	font-tool	1	No specific role
devon1	whichcd	1	No specific role
devonellis	fcomm	0	Developer
devonium	php-daemon	1	All-Hands Person
devonlbryant	guitarsa	1	No specific role
devont	nwlib-vcl	1	No specific role
devos	dasher	0	No specific role
devosc	devosc	1	No specific role
devosc	ctag	1	No specific role
devpg	devpg-wordpress	1	No specific role
devphil	genopt	1	No specific role
devphil	latestlog	1	No specific role
devpts	gatos	0	Developer
devraj	freeforums	1	No specific role
devraj	fossil	1	No specific role
devraj	terracotta	1	Project Manager
devraj	twaf	1	No specific role
devraj	mylivecd	1	Project Manager
devraj	roxanne	1	No specific role
devraj	sequent	1	No specific role
devraj	astrxtools4osx	1	Project Manager
devraj	antunion	1	Project Manager
devraj	blend	1	No specific role
devrand	freenet	0	Web Designer
devrandom	freenet	0	Developer
devrjason	cubeclient	1	No specific role
devros	mplayerosx	1	All-Hands Person
devs	tuxphone	1	No specific role
devscott	bside	1	Developer
devsecure	devsecure	1	Project Manager
devserver	smartbttracker	1	Developer
devserver	eve-bbs	0	Developer
devside_net	webdeveloper	1	No specific role
devsolar	pdclib	1	Project Manager
devster	halix	1	No specific role
devsys	pgmfi	0	No specific role
devtar	d3vscan	1	No specific role
devulpian	poplar	0	Developer
devuser	qqbdc	1	No specific role
devuystbram	javasim	0	Developer
devv	soogl	1	Developer
devv	grasshopper	1	Developer
devvincy	dogfood	1	Developer
devvv	hhms	0	Graphic/Other Designer
devx	smpong	1	No specific role
devxwill	jscalendarsync	0	No specific role
devzero	fromage	0	Developer
dev_0	nocassist	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dev_ak	dcs	0	Developer
dev_alley	pn-modules	0	Developer
dev_apathy	openswg	1	No specific role
dev_axiologic	mumsai	1	Project Manager
dev_axiologic	phpajax	1	All-Hands Person
dev_claudiu_se	seide-433	0	Developer
dev_daniel	palmorb	1	Project Manager
dev_detonator	altosdev	0	Developer
dev_gaurav	hyper-dx	1	No specific role
dev_null42a	tcllib	1	Developer
dev_nv	utplsql	0	Developer
dev_pascal	umlmda	0	Developer
dev_prosoft	project-bb	1	Project Manager
dev_random	potp	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
dev_random	gdbb	0	Developer
dev_silence	prolum	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dev_www	hpaftpd	1	No specific role
dev_zero	osh	1	Developer
dew	ftpcheck	1	No specific role
dew	jeu	1	No specific role
dew3b	clonecast	1	Developer
dew3b	ezmysql	1	Developer
dewald	openspywaremon	0	Developer
dewaldch	microdev	0	Developer
dewanto	mdavofi	1	No specific role
dewanto	savus	1	Project Manager
dewanto	redwood	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dewanto	ejosa	1	Project Manager
dewanto	dtreeframework	1	No specific role
dewanto	openuss	1	Project Manager
dewanto	openfjord	1	Developer
dewarim	daocanalyse	1	Project Manager
dewarim	perlgo	1	No specific role
dewarim	arbeitssuche	1	Project Manager
dewats7	themekit	0	No specific role
dewed	dewnew-phplinks	1	Project Manager
dewet	afrikaans	0	Developer
dewil	kpan2	1	Developer
dewil	olafs	0	Developer
dewimorgan	thudgame	1	No specific role
dewin	wingsnw	1	No specific role
dewindha	paclims	1	No specific role
dewindj	jsmock	1	No specific role
dewinget	openwd	0	No specific role
dewiroberts	apphere	1	No specific role
dewitpj	openufs	1	No specific role
dewitpj	xtrmerge	1	Project Manager
dewitt81	phpclassroom	1	Project Manager
dewit_ws	easyphotoscript	1	Project Manager
dewi_cof	lucidproject	1	Developer
dewknight	rscms	0	Developer
dewmsolo	wotbb	0	Developer
dewolf	uinttun	1	No specific role
dewolfe001	multifieldshop	1	No specific role
dewostator	metacleaner	1	No specific role
dewpac	ccubed	1	Developer
dex	tnt	0	Developer
dex2k2	dextimer	1	No specific role
dexabraxis	einvigi	1	No specific role
dexabraxis	else	1	No specific role
dexabraxis	binah	1	All-Hands Person
dexabraxis	pantarhei	1	No specific role
dexcimus	sertorius	0	Developer
dexea	pmdex	1	Project Manager
dexlib	dexlib	0	Developer
dexm	simplebudget	1	No specific role
dexosz	kth	0	No specific role
dexpro	phenom	1	No specific role
dexsch	openags	0	No specific role
dexta	tckpovray	1	No specific role
dexta	staromap	1	No specific role
dexta	mydonkeylinks	1	No specific role
dexter-mh	bsulp	0	Tester
dexter-mh	marblehorse	0	No specific role
dexter-mh	slaw	1	Project Manager
dexterbrock	dkpsystem	1	No specific role
dexterchan	uwcampusnav	0	No specific role
dexterhaslem	awos	0	Developer
dexterminio	geows	1	No specific role
dexterpv	winace	0	Developer
dexterslab	gridbusbroker	0	Developer
dexterus	gnuitar	0	Developer
dexterx	keyforum	0	Developer
dextery	sharport	1	No specific role
dextery	jagel	1	No specific role
dexter_	gpibot	1	No specific role
dexter_allen	ccs	1	All-Hands Person
dexter_allen	ccs-technology	1	No specific role
dextra	upxshell	0	Developer
dextre23	dexvt	1	No specific role
dextro	kaplayground	1	No specific role
dextroglo	borrower	1	Developer
dexy	softdash	1	No specific role
dex_man	fantail	1	No specific role
deyaeddin	yanax	1	No specific role
deyaeddin	portletcenter	1	Developer
deyaeddin	liferay-ar	1	Unix Admin
deyan	unufree	1	No specific role
deyan_peychev	cybercore	0	Developer
deyv	phpgt	1	No specific role
deza	kdevenv	1	No specific role
deza	kodestudio	1	No specific role
dezco	extremesweep	1	No specific role
dezel	php-broadcast	1	Developer
dezelin	pgguid	1	No specific role
dezelin	placid	1	Project Manager
dezelin	liboptical	1	No specific role
dezelin	taskloop	1	No specific role
dezeroex	mlt	0	No specific role
dezianjo	caleigo-core	1	Developer
dezipaitor	vtools	1	No specific role
dezitter	ps2fs	1	No specific role
dezsf	isotope	1	No specific role
dezso_bodor	grandpace-osve	1	No specific role
dezzio	jdo-tools	1	No specific role
dezzio	mainejug	1	Project Manager
dezzy	pretty-clean	1	No specific role
de_boer	gooogle	1	No specific role
de_clinton	c10r	1	No specific role
de_guzman_tacc	sqlct	0	Developer
de_r3z	charge	1	Project Manager
de_xt	discmage	1	Developer
de_xt	xcd	1	No specific role
df-2007	emailvis	0	No specific role
df3dcb	fifilcd	0	No specific role
df5ea	medialand	1	Developer
df6977	odbase	1	Project Manager
df6977	odspm	1	No specific role
df7be	cllog	1	No specific role
df7cb	reflect	1	Project Manager
df7cb	pisg	0	Developer
dfa	nerdservices	1	Project Manager
dfabrice	doomlegacy	0	No specific role
dfages	wirelessfr	0	Developer
dfahlander	ifr	1	No specific role
dfahlander	daw	1	No specific role
dfalcantara	blokish	1	No specific role
dfalck72	cumulatedraw	1	No specific role
dfallon	pio	0	Project Manager
dfandrich	curl	0	Developer
dfandrich	gphoto	0	Developer
dfang85	gamescrafters	0	Developer
dfarning	rtklib	1	No specific role
dfass	nettech	0	No specific role
dfaure	webonkey	1	No specific role
dfaure_kde	wvware	1	Developer
dfauth	jsrvany	1	No specific role
dfavre	ogwnn-np	1	No specific role
dfayerma	web-its	1	Project Manager
dfbarrero	jsearchy	1	No specific role
dfbaskin	zlibnetwrapper	1	No specific role
dfbb_zwj	ch-asm	0	Doc Writer
dfcalvert	mostubs	1	No specific role
dfconrad	nfsp	0	No specific role
dfcook	sape	1	Developer
dfcowen	anita-lite	1	No specific role
dfcowen	anitacode	1	Project Manager
dfd1985	mynukexxx	0	Developer
dfdeshom	jquantity	0	Tester
dfdezs	gwanted	1	Developer
dfdiego	guardamy	1	No specific role
dfdiego	yamexpansion	1	No specific role
dfdietrick	geoapi	1	Developer
dfdietrick	openmap	1	Developer
dfdzgz	particlenet	1	No specific role
dfe	wxwindows	0	Developer
dfe	kernelrpm	1	All-Hands Person
dfe	bakefile	0	No specific role
dfeatherstone	wf2	0	Tester
dfebb	projalpha	1	No specific role
dfeist	stein	1	No specific role
dfeizet	oasisshell	1	No specific role
dfenton	ddpi	1	Project Manager
dfenyes	smisim	1	No specific role
dferlinc	isportal05	0	Developer
dfernand1	catatumbo	1	No specific role
dfernandez	jasypt	1	Developer
dfernandez	datasift	1	Project Manager
dfernandez	elevenframework	1	No specific role
dferns	macosxchat	1	No specific role
dfex5	sdd1	0	Project Manager
dfg11333	skippylan	1	Project Manager
dfg9w	thdltools	0	Analysis / Design
dfgdga	swtkdeqt	1	No specific role
dfgonzalez	codice	0	Developer
dfhuynh	sesame	0	Developer
dfiggins	animl	0	No specific role
dfiguero	thinkcspy	1	No specific role
dfilip	axpcom	1	Developer
dfilocamo	jessenger	1	No specific role
dfilocamo	plt	1	No specific role
dfilocamo	mamak	1	No specific role
dfilocamo	qtcam	1	No specific role
dfishburn	insenvim	0	Developer
dfishburn	sqlunit	0	Developer
dfishburn	ctags	0	Developer
dfishburn	cubiclevim	0	No specific role
dfishburn	dbext	1	No specific role
dfisher	openeeg	1	Developer
dfitzgerald	astraldragon	0	No specific role
dfitzpat	compgeom	1	No specific role
dfj	algebsql	0	Developer
dfk	g3d-cpp	0	Developer
dfkimera	aero2d	1	No specific role
dflachbart	sageplugins	0	Developer
dflame	jed-d2h	0	Developer
dflc	jpos	0	Developer
dfleischhauer	mapstorer	1	No specific role
dfleischhauer	mapbender	1	Developer
dflively	xmltv	0	Developer
dflorey	xml-im-exporter	0	Developer
dfmax	kcomain	1	Developer
dfmclean	sch-fundraiser	1	No specific role
dfmclean	osge	1	No specific role
dfmclean	edie	0	Developer
dfnagar	portalgen	1	Distributor/Promoter
dfnester	siplb	1	No specific role
dfober	libmusicxml	1	Project Manager
dfober	libaudiostream	0	No specific role
dfober	faudiostream	1	Project Manager
dfober	midishare	1	Project Manager
dfober	guidolib	1	Project Manager
dfober	jackosx	0	No specific role
dforever	pacman-tag	1	All-Hands Person
dforever	pieb4se	0	Developer
dforever	cp-gfx	1	Developer
dforger	uw2rev	1	No specific role
dforger	medulla	1	No specific role
dforsyth	grrr	0	Developer
dfortin	secureaudit	1	Project Manager
dforys	php-ods	1	No specific role
dfouts	phage-finder	1	No specific role
dfox	xrs	1	No specific role
dfox	dfachat	1	Developer
dfoxfranke	daniels-rc	1	No specific role
dfoxfranke	rpal	1	No specific role
dfoxfranke	tiara	1	Developer
dfoxfranke	turbonerd	1	No specific role
dfoxfranke	erfpp	1	Developer
dfpereira	escolagnu	0	No specific role
dfragi	grafity	1	No specific role
dfragos	ainos-project	1	No specific role
dframpton-oss	jnode	0	Developer
dframpton-oss	jikesrvm	0	Developer
dframpton-oss	nmailserver	1	Developer
dfranke	sibsim	1	Project Manager
dfrankow	phpwiki	0	Developer
dfrankow	bspam	0	Developer
dfrankow	danstuner	1	Project Manager
dfrankow	multilens	0	Developer
dfranz	holo	0	Tester
dfraser992	exhibitionist	0	Developer
dfrauzel	leto	1	All-Hands Person
dfrederickx	codename-marvin	1	Developer
dfreese	flek	0	No specific role
dfreis	opproject	1	Project Manager
dfreis	timmon	1	Developer
dfrey42	textfilt	1	No specific role
dfrey42	boost	0	Developer
dfrhodes	fma	0	Developer
dfried	kanren	0	Developer
dfroberg	openme	1	Project Manager
dfroe	phpsane	1	Project Manager
dfroe	phpprint	1	No specific role
dfroemel	gamengine	1	Developer
dfryer	cel	0	Developer
dfryer	planeshift	0	No specific role
dfryer	crystal	0	No specific role
dfseifer	playerstage	0	Developer
dfslezak	rkfode	1	No specific role
dfu	expg	1	No specific role
dfu23	mylifedata	1	No specific role
dfuenzalida	privatewiki	1	No specific role
dfugazza	xpanda	1	No specific role
dfugazza	mod-tunnel	0	Developer
dfugazza	jackosx	0	No specific role
dfuhry	ag2map	1	No specific role
dfurque	mobra	1	No specific role
dfust	commsy	0	Developer
dfust	commsyextension	0	No specific role
dfwarden	wakingdream	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dfwikiteam1	moodle	0	Developer
dfwikiteam2	moodle	0	Developer
dfwikiteam3	moodle	0	Developer
dfwsteele	itracker	0	Developer
dfx	irco	1	No specific role
dfx	camsource	1	No specific role
dfyx	dsaster	0	Developer
df_roger	x-im	1	Developer
dg-f	rubygtkembedmoz	1	Developer
dg-f	vdlinux	1	No specific role
dg00	networkagent	0	No specific role
dg06	dgnews	1	No specific role
dg2112	metcal	0	Developer
dg22	gtk2hs	0	Developer
dg2dbt	rawt	1	Developer
dg300	jclubmanager	1	Developer
dg49379	phpwebsite	1	Developer
dg49379	phpwebsite-comm	0	Developer
dg4iad	hams	1	No specific role
dg4iad	linkt	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dg4iad	ax25config	1	No specific role
dg4sge	t6963c	0	Developer
dg5ngi	hams	0	No specific role
dg6vj	hams	0	No specific role
dg6vj	linkt	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dg7pc	mmrd	0	Developer
dg7sgq	eiupd	1	Project Manager
dga	autostatus	1	No specific role
dgabrov	webenftpd	0	Developer
dgabrov	music-port-mgr	0	Developer
dgaev	xerion	1	Project Manager
dgage	mvpbtv	0	Developer
dgageot	excel-template	1	No specific role
dgaie	krill	1	Project Manager
dgaldi	gomba	0	Developer
dgallant	fortic	1	Project Manager
dgallion	pysearchengine	1	No specific role
dgam3z	yotsubagame	0	Developer
dgamble	project-idem	0	Developer
dgames	dgtools	1	No specific role
dgan	iwt	1	No specific role
dgan	webunitproj	1	Project Manager
dgan	bzbyte	1	No specific role
dgap323s	opengiscore	1	No specific role
dgarnier	wkb4j	1	No specific role
dgarvis	meta-jb	0	Developer
dgarvis	nwntools	0	Developer
dgary1980	openshark	1	No specific role
dgary1980	zillywiggler	1	No specific role
dgary1980	jdecoder	1	No specific role
dgasaway	tlistviewq	1	No specific role
dgasaway	tregstore	1	No specific role
dgasaway	reg	1	No specific role
dgaskell	greensocs	0	Developer
dgaskell	newspyper	1	No specific role
dgatwood	mklinux	1	Project Manager
dgatwood	deck2omf	1	No specific role
dgatwood	linesort	0	Developer
dgatwood	smaug-web	1	Unix Admin
dgatwood	songcue	1	All-Hands Person
dgaucher	genhome	1	Analysis / Design
dgaudet	electricsheep	0	Developer
dgaudian	passwordsafe	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
dgay	bofhman	1	Project Manager
dgaylor	jat	1	Project Manager
dgazko	quakes60	1	Project Manager
dgb	geneontology	0	No specific role
dgb	swissknife	1	Developer
dgb2	tc3d	1	No specific role
dgbuss	xmlstringparser	1	No specific role
dgbuss	xdriveunit	1	No specific role
dgc03052	syncml-ctoolkit	1	Project Manager
dgc03052	openliberty	0	No specific role
dgc03052	openlemonade	1	Project Manager
dgc03052	oma-scts	0	No specific role
dgd23	oriel-workbench	1	No specific role
dgd23	tei	0	Developer
dgd23	cardplay	1	No specific role
dgd23	clownbike	1	No specific role
dgdaniels	xmlwebgui	1	Tester
dgdev	farmhand	1	No specific role
dge13boo	svgeditor	0	No specific role
dgege	kbeam	1	No specific role
dgehl	packetfence	0	Developer
dgehriger	camit	1	No specific role
dgehriger	bookmarksync	0	Developer
dgehriger	msi2xml	1	No specific role
dgehriger	foxgui	0	No specific role
dgelatt	rescarta	1	No specific role
dgeld	ogre	0	Developer
dgeld	winrpc	1	No specific role
dgenest	cogitant	1	All-Hands Person
dgengler	dbbrowser	0	Developer
dggayev	lonewolf-eng	1	No specific role
dggle	hw-ac-vst-plugs	1	No specific role
dggomez	his	1	Developer
dggoodwin	cantera	1	Project Manager
dggreenberg	civicrm	1	Project Manager
dghamilton	gentoo-bugger	0	Tester
dgharrison	debto	1	No specific role
dghart	wxcode	0	Developer
dgheath	publicwhip	0	No specific role
dgheath	spamproofwiki	1	Developer
dghemik	oo-sk	0	Developer
dgh_2005	ecampus	0	Developer
dgibson	orinoco	1	All-Hands Person
dgibson	libhugetlbfs	0	No specific role
dgibson	esky	1	No specific role
dgil	xelements	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dgil	itrade	1	Project Manager
dgil	jayacdl	1	Project Manager
dgil	okernel	1	Project Manager
dgil	pegais	1	No specific role
dgil	mindai	1	No specific role
dgill	vgl	1	All-Hands Person
dgilliland62	jestr	1	Developer
dgimenez	lc4ora	1	No specific role
dginsburg_ati	hlsl2glsl	1	No specific role
dginside	freeframe	0	Developer
dgirard_eu	b612	1	No specific role
dgirard_eu	edf	1	No specific role
dgirard_eu	kiss-framework	1	No specific role
dgisselq	hp4200-backend	0	Developer
dgjones	abora	1	No specific role
dgkoch	winex	0	Developer
dgl	hashdotbot	1	No specific role
dgl	cog	1	No specific role
dgl	cgiirc	1	Project Manager
dgl	slm	1	Developer
dgl	monkeyircd	0	Developer
dglanzmann	cryptstickfs	1	No specific role
dglasser	qform	1	No specific role
dglasser	rpitch	1	No specific role
dglasser	phrasebook	1	No specific role
dglaude	lcdproc	0	Developer
dglazkov	html-xpath	1	No specific role
dglazkov	wf2	1	Developer
dglazkov	subtext	0	Developer
dglazkov	uf-parser-cshrp	1	No specific role
dglick	caravel	1	Developer
dglick	nobrains	1	No specific role
dglick02	babeldoc	0	Developer
dglick02	compiere	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dglo	visad	1	No specific role
dglosser	remotebhoscan	1	No specific role
dglover3	javaseis	0	Developer
dgm69	ppclinux	1	No specific role
dgmaynard	gate	0	No specific role
dgmeat	weblocos	0	Developer
dgmg	dbfill	1	No specific role
dgmg	umlsculptor	0	Developer
dgn	rodoom	1	No specific role
dgo-91	openabal	1	No specific role
dgobbi	vtktracker	1	No specific role
dgod	vshttpd	1	No specific role
dgoeddel	selinux	1	Developer
dgoeddel	devallocator	1	Project Manager
dgoedkoop	wwwserver	1	No specific role
dgoedkoop	fileboard	1	No specific role
dgoedkoop	femb	1	No specific role
dgoehrig	sdlpl	1	No specific role
dgoehrig	org-libsdl	1	Developer
dgoggins	invadeearth	0	Developer
dgollub	emuleremotectrl	1	Project Manager
dgomes	logstream	1	All-Hands Person
dgoncz	fltma	1	No specific role
dgonz	cp4df	1	Developer
dgood92602	adminagents	1	No specific role
dgoodwin	mediadump	0	No specific role
dgoodwin	rhzradio	1	No specific role
dgorin	sf2k	0	Developer
dgorin	liberum	0	Developer
dgorokhov	st20-gcc	1	No specific role
dgouvea	jabuti-project	0	Developer
dgowers	luciditygkit	1	No specific role
dgoyette	celestia	0	Support Manager
dgp	incrtcl	1	Developer
dgp	tiprender	0	No specific role
dgp	tktoolkit	1	All-Hands Person
dgp	tclweb	0	No specific role
dgp	tcl	1	All-Hands Person
dgp	tclhttpd	0	Developer
dgp	tcllib	0	Developer
dgp85	subs	1	No specific role
dgp85	cabal-net	0	Developer
dgp85	drakeadmin	1	No specific role
dgp85	atmosphere	1	No specific role
dgp85	unieject	1	Developer
dgp85	wefts	0	Developer
dgp85	xine	0	Developer
dgp85	mxml	0	Developer
dgpck	replacecomment	1	No specific role
dgquintas	libmpplas	1	No specific role
dgquintas	libnumth	1	Project Manager
dgrabelsky	ipgrab	0	No specific role
dgrabows	dgrabows	1	Project Manager
dgrafe	atwin	1	No specific role
dgram	watermill	1	Project Manager
dgrant9	leafrss	1	Developer
dgrassi	a-chat	1	Project Manager
dgrasturias	envi	0	No specific role
dgratpain	dnnxxl	0	Developer
dgraver	graver-squares	1	No specific role
dgray_ga	anuga	1	Developer
dgreen34	tikiwiki	0	No specific role
dgreen99	swingwt	0	Developer
dgreenfield	cqual	0	Developer
dgregoir	swiftappj	1	No specific role
dgregor	boost-sandbox	1	Developer
dgregor	boost	1	Developer
dgreipl	fh-la-teach	1	No specific role
dgricci	geoserver	0	Developer
dgriff1	daampache	0	Developer
dgriff1	mankindrpg	1	Developer
dgriffith	virgin-linux	0	Developer
dgrigori	motu	1	All-Hands Person
dgrisby	omninotify	1	No specific role
dgrisby	omniifr	1	No specific role
dgrisby	omniorb	1	No specific role
dgrisby	corba-cost	1	No specific role
dgrodrigues	g-1	1	No specific role
dgrogan	jxmas	1	No specific role
dgrogan	tuftsvue	0	No specific role
dgrohma	cietransform	1	Project Manager
dgroth	bioscanners	1	No specific role
dgrov	xpweb	0	No specific role
dgrove-oss	jikesrvm	1	Project Manager
dgs	aros	0	Developer
dgsiegel	rstage	1	Developer
dgslilo	relooksource	0	Tester
dgsoftnz	pmsec	1	Developer
dgsoftnz	pmvlinux	1	Developer
dgstox	platemail	0	Developer
dgswensen	phastinus	0	Web Designer
dgt84	porthole	0	Project Manager
dgt84	smo	1	No specific role
dgt84	boom	1	All-Hands Person
dgtec	o2em	1	Developer
dgthanhan	xulib	1	Project Manager
dgthanhan	teamworks	1	Project Manager
dgtl_magician	woordenjager	1	No specific role
dgtl_magician	voicemailx	1	No specific role
dgtrabada	enterthetetrix	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dgtrabada	fireball-gui	1	No specific role
dgtrabada	java-stm	1	No specific role
dgualdron	labmaster	1	No specific role
dgud	jungerl	1	No specific role
dgud	esdl	1	No specific role
dgud	wxerlang	0	Developer
dgud	wings	1	Developer
dguerrero	gtkedit1	1	No specific role
dgulotta	mitosis	1	No specific role
dgulotta	paintlines	1	No specific role
dgunderson	js-objectelext	1	No specific role
dgunia	netgraph	1	No specific role
dgunia	sqlbeans	1	No specific role
dgunia	earth3d	1	No specific role
dgv	manitou-mail	1	No specific role
dgvalde	chato	0	No specific role
dgvictor	acechatserver	1	Project Manager
dgwatson	tinyos	0	No specific role
dgwatters0	helplink	1	No specific role
dgwerzm	mantaray	0	Tester
dgwilson65	pvpgndocs	1	Doc Writer
dgx_	dibi	1	No specific role
dgx_	texy	1	No specific role
dgx_	nette	1	No specific role
dg_ibrahim	digi	0	Developer
dh0815	winstb	0	No specific role
dh219	projectganymede	1	Developer
dh219	openkosmos	1	Developer
dh2wq	contest-log	1	Project Manager
dh3ma	massspecint	1	No specific role
dh3maw	t6963c	1	Project Manager
dh4nbc	catnets	1	Developer
dh6bb	ham-pager	1	Developer
dh7	petale	1	Project Manager
dh7	pure-data	0	Developer
dh82	jmootcher	1	No specific role
dh8cj	thwmms	0	Developer
dhaake	eaasyst	0	Developer
dhabbott	webreportslib	1	No specific role
dhackney	hobbes	1	No specific role
dhadley519	thout	0	Developer
dhadley519	jajuk	0	Developer
dhaehnel	carmen	1	Project Manager
dhaertle	pygallery	1	Developer
dhag	statmail	1	No specific role
dhag	foge	1	No specific role
dhairyas	firestormos	0	Developer
dhairyas	malakh	0	Developer
dhakim	findbugs	0	Developer
dhalbrook	rssearcher	1	No specific role
dhalbrook	htmltea	1	No specific role
dhalbrook	informa	0	Developer
dhalgren4lfc	linuxforclinics	1	No specific role
dhalladay	open-outcomes	0	Developer
dhaller	fontlinge	0	Developer
dhalmagean	strafe	0	Developer
dhalow	mifos	0	No specific role
dhalsim	dhalsnet	1	No specific role
dhalsim44	jajuk	0	Developer
dhamill	pugwash	1	No specific role
dhamill	ribax	1	No specific role
dhammer10	tf-macros	1	Developer
dhan2002	mundocaad	0	Editorial/Content Writer
dhananjay	gnush	1	Developer
dhandlos	coweb	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dhanelt	openjades	1	Project Manager
dhanhnirankaar	sikher	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dhanks	sudosh	1	No specific role
dhanks	argusfs	1	No specific role
dhanks	eash	1	No specific role
dhanlon	surefit	1	No specific role
dhanukanavin	sparks	1	No specific role
dhanukanavin	csas	1	Developer
dhanukanavin	ameya	1	No specific role
dhanukanavin	mygalaxy	1	No specific role
dhanukanavin	mspn	1	No specific role
dhanukanavin	questionbank	1	No specific role
dhanvarma	abdb	0	Developer
dhanvikapila	cleversafe	0	Developer
dhanya_r	akshara	1	Developer
dhan_louie	apicaller	1	Project Manager
dharampal	pyide	1	No specific role
dharampal	wslin	1	No specific role
dharb	evolveproject	0	Developer
dharbigt	facter	1	No specific role
dharbigt	puppet	1	No specific role
dharchon	archonx	1	Project Manager
dhardy99	echoescommpub	1	Web Designer
dharh	jediconsole	0	Developer
dharkins	couriervuadmin	1	No specific role
dharkness	xdoclet	0	No specific role
dharmatech	factor	0	No specific role
dharmesh_talati	cayambe	0	Developer
dharper	eridu	0	Developer
dharries	openmks	0	Developer
dharriso	tsmadmin	0	Developer
dharris_mitre	polgen	0	Developer
dhart	agisim	1	No specific role
dhartlen	cfopenbb	0	Developer
dhartman	astlinux	0	Developer
dhartveld	trion	0	No specific role
dharyk	seqap	1	No specific role
dhaskew	jedit	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
dhaskew	jmp3renamer	0	Developer
dhaumann	atomicbomberman	1	No specific role
dhaumann	gdvapp	1	No specific role
dhaun	geeklog	1	Project Manager
dhaun	geeklogplugins	0	No specific role
dhaun	gplugs	0	Developer
dhaussy	tango-ds	0	Developer
dhauver	jspecunit	0	Developer
dhavalp	radioactive	0	Developer
dhavatar	cthulos	0	Developer
dhavlik	linux9110	1	No specific role
dhawalbanker	cosmopbx	0	No specific role
dhawalogale	brewprofiler	1	No specific role
dhawes	teach	0	No specific role
dhawes	moodle	0	No specific role
dhawk	php-blog	0	No specific role
dhawkins	joyswitch	1	No specific role
dhawley	gallery-contrib	0	Developer
dhawley	oahuwiki	1	No specific role
dhbeck	cs-framework	1	Developer
dhcarlson	dhcstockscan1-2	1	No specific role
dhcavalcanti	wedding-planner	1	No specific role
dhchung	tactile12000	1	Project Manager
dhcmrlchtdj	tower	1	No specific role
dhdarin	webamp	1	All-Hands Person
dhdfu	cmusphinx	1	Project Manager
dhduvall	lpr	0	Developer
dheck	pure-data	0	Developer
dheck	shenonono	0	Developer
dheck	pd-gem	0	Developer
dheerajcheepati	o-c-r	1	No specific role
dheerajcheepati	e-mail	1	No specific role
dheerajjuneja	pocketsqlman	1	No specific role
dheerajnigam	eduos	1	Developer
dheeraj_s	siya	1	No specific role
dheerendra_k	java-codedom	1	No specific role
dheffern	cmsforme	0	Tester
dheise	webdialer	1	No specific role
dhellier	webacct	0	No specific role
dhellier	cvsmonitor	0	Developer
dheltanumericz	open-cmms	1	No specific role
dhelton	sdcc	1	Developer
dheltzel	wjue	0	Developer
dheltzel	xoops	0	Developer
dhemery	http-dotnet	1	Developer
dhemery	dzertz	1	No specific role
dhenar	eipda	1	No specific role
dhendricks	freebios	0	Developer
dhendu9411	xinixse	1	No specific role
dhenryusaid	tomas	1	No specific role
dhensgen	transfercm	1	No specific role
dhenson02	aesg	1	No specific role
dhenson02	kainoabioid	1	All-Hands Person
dhenton	inkulator	1	No specific role
dherington	mimsfw	0	No specific role
dherington	hunit	1	No specific role
dherman	sqlite-plt	1	No specific role
dherman	topsl	1	No specific role
dherman	oje	0	No specific role
dhernan2	jcrossreports	1	No specific role
dhernandezb	files-opx	1	No specific role
dhernandezb	proxy-filtro	1	No specific role
dhernandezb	sensors	1	No specific role
dhernandezdp	tntconcept	0	Developer
dheron	musicataloguecd	1	Developer
dherring	danstuner	0	No specific role
dhershhorn	codesaver	1	No specific role
dhervieux	sdtools	1	No specific role
dhervieux	sbtools	1	Project Manager
dhestand	phission	0	Developer
dheuvels	rates4linux	0	All-Hands Person
dheyse	freeglut	0	Developer
dheyse	ldglite	1	No specific role
dheyse	ldlite	1	Developer
dheyse	lsynth	1	No specific role
dhhoffman	enigma	1	No specific role
dhhuang	oranges	0	Developer
dhi	secsuite	1	Developer
dhiebert	eiffelfox	1	Project Manager
dhiebert	ctags	1	Project Manager
dhiggen	nfs	0	No specific role
dhiltgen	hbaprovider	1	Developer
dhilton	hurd	0	No specific role
dhimelright	cablib	1	No specific role
dhinakar	ldappp	0	Developer
dhinami	zabb	1	No specific role
dhinkley	xmlwiki	0	Developer
dhinostroza	care2002	0	Developer
dhiren	tktk	1	No specific role
dhirst	top-c	0	Developer
dhirwinjr	jhomenet	1	Project Manager
dhitsky	mitopensource	1	No specific role
dhiwakarmani	covereal	0	No specific role
dhjohnso2000	dita-ot	0	No specific role
dhk8	meshbox	0	Project Manager
dhke	ssuid	1	No specific role
dhladek	qsong	1	Project Manager
dhliu	tcron	1	No specific role
dhliu	fftv	1	No specific role
dhm	synedit	0	No specific role
dhmk844	mastrbsp2003	1	Project Manager
dhmunro	yorick	1	Developer
dhn2	intarbrow	0	No specific role
dhn2	phpbb	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
dhnam	soriuzoo	1	Developer
dhns	powermaker	1	No specific role
dhns	mac06	1	No specific role
dhns	darwin-arm	1	No specific role
dho	marvin	0	Developer
dho	jknow	1	No specific role
dhoarau	submarine	0	Developer
dhobern	gbif	1	All-Hands Person
dhobern	digir	0	Developer
dhobo	mtool4islander	0	Developer
dhodder	eircbot	1	No specific role
dhodder	accessviewer	1	No specific role
dhodell	actioncrypt	1	No specific role
dhodell	amfphp	1	Developer
dhodell	openqrm	0	Developer
dhodell	umem	0	Developer
dhodell	picklelang	1	Developer
dhodnett	myfaces	0	Developer
dhodnett	exo	0	Developer
dhoelzer	dns-block	1	No specific role
dhoerl	xlslib	1	No specific role
dhofs	nite	0	Developer
dhogaza	aolserver	0	Developer
dhoisington	languagelearn	1	No specific role
dhol68	fornax	0	Developer
dhol68	wagen	1	No specific role
dholbrough	knowledgemap	0	Developer
dhollist	furthurnet	1	Developer
dholm	cosy	0	Developer
dholm	harbour-project	1	No specific role
dholmes19	admvt	1	No specific role
dholoso	universibo	0	Developer
dholowiski	weathertracker	1	No specific role
dhomann	bayesline	1	Project Manager
dhomi	mnemonics	1	No specific role
dhong	generalerp	1	Doc Writer
dhong70	generalerp	1	No specific role
dhong_99	flavor	1	No specific role
dhooghe	emcd-exchg-form	0	Developer
dhorkoff	jdbforms	0	Developer
dhoro	mocks	1	No specific role
dhorton	architect	1	No specific role
dhorton	pocket-linux	1	No specific role
dhorvat	itpmr	0	Developer
dhorvat	isportal07	0	Developer
dhostick	h2pe	1	Project Manager
dhotchkiss00	gdata-clients	1	Developer
dhoto	fpoc	1	All-Hands Person
dhouser	opengtoolkit	0	No specific role
dhousman	jspsurveylib	0	Developer
dhouy	pawed	1	No specific role
dhouy	moleskine	0	Developer
dhowe01	icemud	0	Developer
dhowell	dacfr	0	No specific role
dhowell1	openhpi	0	Developer
dhowell1	thread-gdb	1	No specific role
dhowell1	sblim	0	Developer
dhowell63	dacfr	1	Project Manager
dhowett	gbdev	1	All-Hands Person
dhowett	yadgame	1	All-Hands Person
dhowland	dvdsched	1	No specific role
dhowland	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
dhpeterson	jauction	1	Project Manager
dhrakar	thephoenix	0	Developer
dhrasmus	invasion	0	Developer
dhruvasagar	hash-cracker	1	No specific role
dhruvasagar	hash-calculator	1	No specific role
dhruvasagar	mystic-player	1	No specific role
dhruva_batni	ugaurd	1	No specific role
dhruvmatani	memboost	1	All-Hands Person
dhruvmatani	nstl	1	Developer
dhruvmatani	tddb	1	Developer
dhscompguy	phpsitemap	1	No specific role
dhs_sim	dhssim	1	No specific role
dhthomas_grove	grove3d	1	No specific role
dhuard	pymc	0	Developer
dhubleizh	qcell	1	No specific role
dhuck	communityart	1	No specific role
dhudes	ssh-sftp-perl	0	No specific role
dhuffer	be-your-admin	1	No specific role
dhulley	alfresco	1	Developer
dhunley	freedi	1	No specific role
dhunley	diskfree	1	No specific role
dhunt	cxx-mserver	1	No specific role
dhunt	cxxmserver	1	No specific role
dhunt	mclient	1	No specific role
dhunt	bif	0	Developer
dhunziker	iticket	1	No specific role
dhurley	plnet	0	No specific role
dhurley	utplsql	0	No specific role
dhustace	openoss	1	Project Manager
dhustace	opennms	1	Developer
dhutchinson	hbaapi	1	Developer
dhvrm	glclib	1	No specific role
dhvrm	nws-feeds-php	1	Project Manager
dhwani	ndal	0	Developer
dhwani	mapme	0	Developer
dhyan1234	kisanji	1	No specific role
dhylands	motorobots	0	Developer
di-pined	redbaron-mobile	1	No specific role
di-sc	pb-webmaui	0	Developer
di-shi	openser	0	Developer
di-shi	osp-toolkit	0	Developer
di-shi	rams	0	Developer
di-shi	gktmp-to-osp	0	No specific role
di3	di3	1	No specific role
di42lo	gtkservu	1	Developer
di77ihd	jpegtoavi	1	No specific role
di77ihd	pcdio48-linux	1	No specific role
dia	yaose	1	Analysis / Design
diaaf	ols	1	Project Manager
diaaf	vracing	1	No specific role
diabelek	diskoptimizer	1	No specific role
diabeteo	diabeteo	1	No specific role
diabetestools	diabetestools	1	No specific role
diablero	epiconf	1	No specific role
diablo-d3	shadowconflict	1	Project Manager
diablo1123	forumscape	1	No specific role
diablo1123	openedscape	1	No specific role
diablo2man	freetpf	1	No specific role
diablosgirl	candy	1	No specific role
diablo_bth	ushock	1	No specific role
diabol0	clansportal	1	Project Manager
diabolical_mdog	snmp-info	0	Developer
diabolicmav	nwn2tabras	0	Analysis / Design
diabolik2001	openfirmware	0	No specific role
diaboliq	gnet-ircd	1	Developer
diaboliq	genericircd	1	Project Manager
diaboliq	gircd1	1	Developer
diaboliq	genericgnuworld	1	Developer
diaboliq	nfsulan	1	No specific role
diabolo512	jguard	1	Project Manager
diabolo512	jgather	0	Developer
diabolo512	jboard	1	Project Manager
diacc_md	typo3xdev	0	Developer
diagorea76	devisa	1	No specific role
diakka	guozi	1	All-Hands Person
diakonx	fusion3d	1	No specific role
diakossh	bluebb	1	Unix Admin
diakov	modocc	1	Project Manager
dial90	chicamin	1	Developer
dialogis_ds	d-mapper	1	Project Manager
dialogml	dialogml	1	Project Manager
dialp	spam-hinder	1	No specific role
dialsc	mcjutils	1	No specific role
dialt0ne	nwpe	1	Project Manager
dialxgc	fss	1	No specific role
dialxgc	phpfilesadmin	1	No specific role
diamakz	odf-converter	0	Tester
diamond28	jademx	1	All-Hands Person
diamond28	caboodlesc	1	Project Manager
diamond28	semantical	1	All-Hands Person
diamond77	sheets	1	Project Manager
diamond77	vs-ox	1	Project Manager
diamondcrusher	diamondcrush	1	No specific role
diamondmagic	bigbooke	1	Project Manager
diamondmagic	webinstall	1	No specific role
diamondmagic	masterbot	1	Project Manager
diamondmagic	sub-portal	1	Developer
diamondondemand	aadl2xml	1	No specific role
diamondondemand	vessence	1	All-Hands Person
diamondt	yamfrend	1	No specific role
diamondt	jasminegame	1	No specific role
diamonidzomai	abuse2	0	Content Management
diana78	tcgtool	1	No specific role
dianakapsa	caesarj	0	Developer
dianamedrano	s-c-b	1	Developer
dianat	satineproject	0	Developer
dianejordan	wsbpeltc	1	Project Manager
dianlight	edocs	1	Project Manager
diannafisk	geneontology	0	Editorial/Content Writer
diannes	phppedigree	1	Project Manager
dianoga7	omnifriend	1	No specific role
dianoga7	squircular-chat	1	No specific role
dianora	hamlib	0	Developer
dianora	ircd-hybrid	0	Developer
diantn	pnquran	0	Developer
diapriid	mx-database	1	No specific role
diatomea	renai	0	No specific role
diatomea	unicorp	0	Developer
diavlen	nwn-hcm	0	Developer
diaz	gprolog	1	All-Hands Person
diazdeespada	webeditor	0	No specific role
diazgarciadiego	tbstats	0	Developer
dib	dab	1	No specific role
dib	assoc-dll	1	No specific role
diba66	exoopport	0	Developer
dibari_mina	ibis	0	Developer
dibbler5	swags	1	No specific role
dibenz	jjobq	1	No specific role
diberri	bruinbot	1	No specific role
dibli	transline	1	No specific role
dibosa	keme	1	No specific role
diboschack	xrml	1	Developer
diboss	classmark	1	No specific role
dibr	odf-converter	0	Tester
dibsoa	sectofava	1	Project Manager
dicato	canada	0	Developer
dice	id3edit	0	Developer
dice	nodenet	0	Developer
dice68	northernwind	0	Developer
dicea	ebrowse	1	Graphic/Other Designer
dicej	onebook	1	Developer
dicej	ulibgcj	1	No specific role
diceman	smtprc	1	No specific role
diceman	simple-rt	1	No specific role
dicer	xlinuxsms	1	No specific role
dicerto	tencompetence	0	Developer
dicesare	quantlib	0	Developer
dicesimplex	websimplex	1	No specific role
diceydog	pcimax2006	1	No specific role
dichanana	plite	1	No specific role
dichtertje	mypublications	1	No specific role
dick	palm-utils	1	No specific role
dick0284	chipmark	0	Developer
dicka_j	rssimapserver	1	No specific role
dicka_j	bc-rte	1	No specific role
dicka_j	mini-cms	1	Project Manager
dicka_j	ftp-uploader	1	No specific role
dickdickberg	pkc	0	Developer
dicken179	bhpro	1	Developer
dicken179	logworktime	1	No specific role
dickeyf	nnr4itg	0	No specific role
dickhoff	javacms	1	No specific role
dickhoff	jbbbc	1	No specific role
dickiechang	oracleadmin	1	No specific role
dickiepotter	protogui	1	No specific role
dickins	sodgame	0	All-Hands Person
dickinsonm	sthread	1	No specific role
dickinsonm	maclander	1	Project Manager
dickinsonm	phpclassifieds	1	No specific role
dickje	webportmapper	1	No specific role
dickkaas	solarpanel-sp	1	Developer
dickmi	jfox	0	No specific role
dickmiller	medlane	1	Project Manager
dickndidi	gxsm	0	Developer
dickon	growtree	1	No specific role
dickon	easygame	1	No specific role
dickow	phpmychat	0	Developer
dicksonsp	ioapi2vis5d	1	No specific role
dicksonsp	dotsplus3d	1	No specific role
dicky82	zoomnavigation	1	No specific role
dickydave	stock-monster	1	Project Manager
dickydick2000	flashbpelviewer	1	No specific role
dickyf49	rafphpbb	1	No specific role
dickyrock	glenellymambo	1	No specific role
dickyrock	tosmo	0	Developer
dickz	opensymphony	0	Developer
dick_hardt	xml-dsig	1	Project Manager
dick_kaas	phpgedview	0	Developer
diclophis	dangotalk	1	No specific role
diclophis	sig	1	No specific role
dicomchoco	dicom-fr	1	Developer
dicostanzo	nodexml	1	All-Hands Person
dicostanzo	openlccs	1	No specific role
dict	atla	1	All-Hands Person
dict	xdxf	1	Project Manager
dict	wise	1	No specific role
dictoon	sheepengine	1	Developer
dida	xc4j	0	Developer
dida	nsuml	0	Developer
didac-pro	bpaccess	1	No specific role
didactor01	didactor	1	No specific role
didcotgrunger	officeonline	0	Web Designer
didcotgrunger	tuxblocks	0	Web Designer
didcotgrunger	lkmonitor	0	Web Designer
diddef	smarc	1	Developer
diddledan	crimp	1	Developer
diddly	kwave	0	Developer
diddy1234	goomediacenter	1	Developer
diddy1234	movieplayer	1	No specific role
diddymus	vcreator	1	Project Manager
didg	netatalk	0	Developer
didge	ogdl	0	Developer
didge	vpp	1	No specific role
didgiman	fckeditor	0	Developer
didib	pilot-db	0	Developer
didickman	kernelx	1	All-Hands Person
didier2309	taquin	1	No specific role
didier69	timelog	1	No specific role
didierbr	omegat	0	Developer
didierbuchs	coopn	1	No specific role
didierjeanphi	ota2001	1	Developer
didierprovost	colonnes	1	Project Manager
didierprovost	masterword	1	No specific role
didiersu	mapeb200	1	No specific role
didier_13150	kfreeflight	1	Developer
didier_schwab	blexisma2	1	No specific role
didijeeeke	omnivore	0	No specific role
didijeeeke	phiscalos	0	Developer
didik	bfasterisk	1	No specific role
didiman	bfware	1	No specific role
didiman	opendocumentphp	0	Developer
didine_bous	decision-deck	1	Developer
didius11	oreproject	0	Developer
didiwerdau	dellearneditor	0	Developer
didj7	realbowling	1	No specific role
didlawowo	nwn-firmware	0	Developer
didoen	cvstag	1	No specific role
didomauro	irc-pg	1	No specific role
didopalauzov	gnome-bg	0	No specific role
didosevilla	expatobjc	1	No specific role
didosevilla	xml-lit	1	No specific role
didosevilla	sdlobjc	1	No specific role
didosevilla	spoof	1	No specific role
didosevilla	starlang	1	No specific role
didosevilla	json	1	No specific role
didosevilla	acheron-l	1	No specific role
didosevilla	combengine	1	No specific role
didosevilla	easycalc	0	Developer
didosevilla	datastructlib	1	No specific role
didouille	orion3d	0	No specific role
didy	writecd	1	Developer
die	cwriter	0	Developer
die	tikiwiki	0	Developer
die3lustigen2	rcontrol	1	No specific role
diebe	homgl	0	Developer
dieberb	columba	0	Developer
diebruce	steelfusion	0	Developer
dieci	osmosii	0	Developer
dieci	openldap-em	0	Developer
dieder	jumfi	1	No specific role
diediaga	visiblenetwork	1	No specific role
diedialektik_at	pion	0	Developer
diedmuerte	tweak-it	1	Developer
diefenbach	iqpp	1	No specific role
dieffe	gameorg	1	No specific role
dieg	g4c	1	Project Manager
diegatomion	manaus	0	Developer
diegix	free-cluedo	1	No specific role
diego-midon	zige	0	Developer
diego-midon	bolivar	1	Developer
diego-midon	gsokoban	1	No specific role
diego1981	nsinterface	1	Developer
diegoa	pajm	1	No specific role
diegoalonso	inmobis	1	Developer
diegoalonso	plg2005	1	Developer
diegoalvarez_08	pacwinter	0	Developer
diegoalvarez_08	debiancell	0	Developer
diegoangel	dotorgnuke	1	Developer
diegobao	fgeditor	1	No specific role
diegobravo	qdk	1	No specific role
diegobz	kidconvert	1	No specific role
diegocarbajal	gfd	0	Tester
diegocaro	mensajero	1	No specific role
diegocaro	archivador	1	No specific role
diegocr	amiga	1	All-Hands Person
diegocr	amigift	1	No specific role
diegocr	daemons	1	No specific role
diegocr	mpg2ppm	1	No specific role
diegocr	xml2lib	1	No specific role
diegodelariva	visualsar	1	No specific role
diegodias	evalexprbr	1	No specific role
diegoeche	eafitfs	1	Developer
diegofeijo	investimento	1	No specific role
diegofernandez	uba-db	1	No specific role
diegofernandez	ublearningtools	1	No specific role
diegofernandez	porloschicos	1	No specific role
diegofn	opensob	1	No specific role
diegofr	mgtracker	1	No specific role
diegoglagash	mvpos	1	All-Hands Person
diegohcg	manaos-gecko	1	No specific role
diegohcg	manaos	1	No specific role
diegohcg	manaos-gwebcore	1	No specific role
diegojl	exanet	1	Project Manager
diegojl	cecaxi	1	Project Manager
diegokiller	gervasproject	0	Developer
diegolagranja	ruralweb	1	Project Manager
diegolinuxcol	freeportal	0	Web Designer
diegomann	slony-config	1	No specific role
diegomonselice	pyfuzzylib	0	No specific role
diegoolivera	calcfinanciera	0	Developer
diegop	pascalcompiler	1	Developer
diegopark	iksdk	1	No specific role
diegopizzoljp	maca	0	Developer
diegorojas	yaghi	1	Developer
diegoru	debiance	0	Developer
diegosaravia	psicro	1	No specific role
diegottt	tru5250	1	No specific role
diegounkas	mecatutor	0	Developer
diegowarrior	el-recuperador	1	No specific role
diego_aguiar	xoro	1	Developer
diego_de_lima	opengmail	1	No specific role
diego_de_lima	openchat	1	No specific role
diego_donkey	ceres	0	Developer
diego_gagliardo	efw	1	Developer
diego_iastrubni	amportal	0	Developer
diego_iastrubni	streetrace	1	Project Manager
diego_ipina	emi2lets	1	No specific role
diego_madruga	gvsproject	0	Developer
diego_madruga	cinplp	1	Unix Admin
diego_moreda	confox	1	Project Manager
diego_silva	jstarviewer	1	No specific role
diego_zanga	elawmanager	1	No specific role
diego_zanga	nagenda	1	Project Manager
diego_zanga	personalaccess	1	Project Manager
diego_zanga	vyger	1	Developer
diego_zanga	ajaxrad	1	No specific role
diego_zanga	epaper	1	No specific role
dieguito	b23cms	1	No specific role
dieh	vipsone	0	Developer
diehard	developersclub	1	Project Manager
diehard2	mediaportal	0	Developer
diehard2	mp-plugins	0	Developer
dieharder	vocatoutproject	0	Tester
diehardii	ihtpc	0	Developer
diehardmm	rbxmlrpc	1	No specific role
diekatz	bugkilla	0	Web Designer
diekatze88	dcdance	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
diekatze88	stepmania	0	Developer
diekhans	tclx	1	No specific role
diemer	jlac	0	No specific role
diemer	abirom	1	Project Manager
diemer	avrsimu	1	No specific role
diemer	gbi	1	No specific role
diemesa	d2vreports	1	Developer
diemo	ftm	1	Project Manager
diemo	liblo	0	Developer
diemo	sdif	1	No specific role
diemo	jmax	1	Developer
diemumiee	linauktion	1	Developer
diemumiee	boost	0	No specific role
diemumiee	poopmup	0	Developer
diemumiee	vector-agg	0	Developer
diemumiee	gott	1	No specific role
diem_nguyen	webma	1	Project Manager
dienny	e-fdn	1	Developer
diesel2	anyucad	0	Developer
dieselfire	webwrench	1	Project Manager
diesell	java-link	0	Developer
dieselmusa	tktcms	0	Tester
dieselmusa	themekreator	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
dieselwenjin	empyrean	0	Developer
dieshe	validatedattrib	1	Project Manager
diesil	jmodeler	1	No specific role
diesil	jportalx	1	No specific role
diesil	jnetmusicplay	1	No specific role
dieten	idsec	0	Developer
dieter508	nag2web	1	Unix Admin
dieterd	bejug	1	Project Manager
dieterdg	asp-git	0	Developer
dieterdhoker	merode	0	Developer
dieterdhoker	kotnetlogin	1	No specific role
dieterdhoker	ptns	1	No specific role
dieterkoenig	wsbpeltc	0	No specific role
dieter_krachtus	petty	1	No specific role
dieter_krachtus	eos	1	No specific role
dieter_krachtus	cdk	0	Developer
dieter_krachtus	swtswing	0	Developer
dieter_krachtus	bioclipse	0	Developer
dieter_krachtus	jmol	0	Developer
dieter_krachtus	djproject	0	Distributor/Promoter
dieter_nuetzel	dri	0	No specific role
dietlein	pfi	1	Project Manager
dietmarhamm	officeline	1	No specific role
dietmarlucas	care2002	0	Developer
dietmarmaurer	proxwall	1	Developer
dietmars	projectbutler	1	No specific role
dietricha	nusoap	1	No specific role
dietricha	musephpsdk	1	Project Manager
dietrich_reit	vipsone	0	Developer
dietzmde	smbstat	0	Developer
dieujava	insamonitor	1	Developer
diewarzau	scons	0	Developer
die_angel	bersekerengine	0	Project Manager
die_backe	headache	1	Developer
difdif	logtomysql	1	No specific role
difeijing	simplertsp	1	No specific role
diferdin	tapas	1	No specific role
differentiablef	emapdevel	1	No specific role
difor	ssos	1	Developer
difrost	bdtk	1	No specific role
dig412	skypirates	1	No specific role
dig412	gotbenchmark	1	Developer
digam	chateverywhere	0	Developer
digant	osai	1	Developer
digantk	webisa	1	No specific role
digaots	phpbox	1	No specific role
digat	openchemwb	0	Developer
digdog	fpcode	0	All-Hands Person
digdog	tarimporter	1	Developer
digdog	languagedetect	1	No specific role
digdog	macbluetelnet	1	No specific role
digdude	kasper	0	Developer
dige	aime-lib	1	No specific role
dige	jmusic	1	No specific role
digedag	birthdates	1	No specific role
digerata	imagearcadia	1	No specific role
digg	wisp	1	No specific role
digg	virm	1	Developer
digg	tuxaator	1	Developer
digg	rug	1	No specific role
digge	satlovers	0	Developer
diggerchick	cenvotes	0	Developer
diggerx	bo2k	1	Project Manager
diggie	phpxmail	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
diggs	vrmlviewer	1	No specific role
digi-discussion	digi-discussion	1	No specific role
digi-fx	phpwsgallery	1	Project Manager
digi9ten	opensymphony	0	Developer
digibliss	sealsystem	0	Developer
digibliss	serenocms	0	Developer
digibones	s-torm	0	Developer
digiboy86	qlibdos32	1	No specific role
digiboy86	uniapi	1	No specific role
digiboy86	digiforce	1	Project Manager
digiboy86	javaforce	1	No specific role
digibyte	ispcp	1	No specific role
digic	bkm	0	Developer
digicom	kaosbot	0	Developer
digidan	osfinancials	0	Doc Writer
digidan	turbocash	0	No specific role
digidave	linscp	1	No specific role
digidocs	ssrp	1	No specific role
digifork	hsqldb	0	Developer
digigoldfish	dgbookreview	1	No specific role
digijo	dynadesk	1	Developer
digilanti	tiblit	0	Developer
digilanti	kmayan	1	No specific role
digiman	l33t	1	Developer
digiman	weird	0	Developer
digiman	zquake	0	Developer
digiman	counter-attack	1	Developer
digiman	ntfycd	1	No specific role
digiman	new-aftershock	0	Developer
digimatic	wayconv	1	No specific role
digimer	mizu-bu	1	No specific role
digimer	atomos	0	No specific role
digimind	proposall	1	All-Hands Person
diginux	aztec	1	Developer
diginux	difro	1	No specific role
diginux	wxchat	1	No specific role
diginux	wod	1	Project Manager
diginux	madeline	1	Project Manager
diginux	sbd	1	No specific role
diginux	gnahb	1	No specific role
diginux	iydehfyhcaad	1	Project Manager
diginux	jgo	1	No specific role
diginux	entgen	1	No specific role
diginux	bps	1	No specific role
diginux	tilda	0	Developer
digioz	myui	0	No specific role
digioz	digioznetportal	1	Project Manager
digioz	digiozgbook	1	Project Manager
digioz	scinet	0	Developer
digipak	sodalitas	1	Web Designer
digirave	digibbs	1	No specific role
digish	lms-equalizer	1	No specific role
digisnap	wonderlib	1	No specific role
digisoft	torrenttorque	1	No specific role
digit48	aokts	1	No specific role
digit48	genie2	1	Unix Admin
digital	maven-replace	0	No specific role
digital-eye	meshvision	1	No specific role
digital-man	v3cms	1	No specific role
digital-matt	soft-alr	1	No specific role
digital01	voxxopensource	1	Web Designer
digital3d	subviewer	1	No specific role
digital5	pimp2k1	1	No specific role
digital69	aspbannersystem	1	No specific role
digitalart	neurolib	1	No specific role
digitalart	digitalguru	1	No specific role
digitalart	povmorpheus	1	No specific role
digitalart	udsl	1	No specific role
digitalart	textures	1	Developer
digitalart	candi	1	No specific role
digitalart	gaime	1	Developer
digitalartisans	pandoracc	1	Developer
digitalartist	e107mods	1	Developer
digitalasp	qoole	1	Project Manager
digitalblues	oggplayerwin	1	Developer
digitalcoder	linuxcall	1	Project Manager
digitalcoder	publicit	1	Developer
digitalducktape	itheater	1	Project Manager
digitale	iradio	1	Project Manager
digitalfallout	gipconfig	0	Developer
digitalfallout	enlightenment	1	Project Manager
digitalfallout	fusionlinux	1	Developer
digitalfire	bsod	1	No specific role
digitalflow	bugtrackerpro	1	No specific role
digitalflow	stationmanager	1	Project Manager
digitalfredy	brlcad	0	Doc Writer
digitalgabeg	accugo	0	Developer
digitalgargoyle	cryptotw	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
digitalgargoyle	eeat-hpcp	0	No specific role
digitalgargoyle	eeat-basictools	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
digitalghost	snowsoftlibrary	1	No specific role
digitalghost	flexplayer	1	No specific role
digitalgust	j2megamescript	1	No specific role
digitalhuman	ez-media-center	1	No specific role
digitalhuman	digitalmessenge	1	No specific role
digitalhuman	bedrijvengids	1	No specific role
digitalinfra	colinux	0	Developer
digitalintrigue	antipodal	1	No specific role
digitalis	collective	0	Developer
digitalis	yasws	1	Developer
digitalis	owlapi	1	No specific role
digitalis	kaon	1	Project Manager
digitalises	stellarium	0	Developer
digitaliz	syllable	0	Developer
digitallab	dlab	1	No specific role
digitalmagik	victoryengine	1	Project Manager
digitalmanic	oursqlservadmin	0	Developer
digitalmcfly	hatchetfish	1	No specific role
digitalme	ogmp	1	No specific role
digitalmentor	tldavp	1	No specific role
digitalmermaid	tle-bu	1	No specific role
digitalpardoe	simplesoftware	1	No specific role
digitalpariah	anmewoot	1	No specific role
digitalpariah	liquidnoise	1	Developer
digitalpenguin	peepshow	1	No specific role
digitalpenguin	dracocli	1	No specific role
digitalpodcast	podcastsearch	1	No specific role
digitalpodcast	opda	1	All-Hands Person
digitalrain	ipool	0	Developer
digitalraja	marsyas	0	No specific role
digitalrinaldo	opencard	0	Developer
digitalrinaldo	n-a-w-s	1	Developer
digitalsoftware	icon	1	No specific role
digitalsoul	na-basic	1	No specific role
digitalsoul	napro	1	Developer
digitalsoul	digitalworkroom	0	Developer
digitalstrider	hlibapi	1	Project Manager
digitalstrube	hallrunner	1	Developer
digitalstu	webgeiser	0	Developer
digitalstu	phpmyorganiser	0	Developer
digitalsurgeon	xbmcremote	1	No specific role
digitalsynapse	opennotes	1	No specific role
digitaltomm	suse-swamp	1	No specific role
digitaltomm	swamp	1	Project Manager
digitaltomm	blinkenled	1	Project Manager
digitaltomm	digitalflowcms	1	No specific role
digitalunicorn	augment103	1	No specific role
digitalux	yahtzee	1	No specific role
digitalxcess	dbxcess	1	No specific role
digitalxero	openrpg	0	Developer
digitalxero	gcmsystem	1	Project Manager
digitalxero	winopenrpg	1	Project Manager
digitalxero	mq2plugin	1	Developer
digitalzero	macdcpp	0	Web Designer
digital_bean	universejdj	0	Graphic/Other Designer
digital_biscuit	natterchat	1	No specific role
digital_cruiser	websharks	1	Developer
digital_fiz	dumbo	0	Developer
digitanium	php-fusion	1	No specific role
digitart	phppostaci	1	Project Manager
digitecdevil	elium	1	No specific role
digitect	dodocad	1	No specific role
digitect	gramps	0	Web Designer
digitect	cream	1	No specific role
digitect	gedit	1	No specific role
digitizerrus	onboardc	0	Developer
digitol1	openneo	0	Developer
digitox	tanfrag	0	Developer
digitzfone	organosi	0	Graphic/Other Designer
digit_artist	faultor	0	Developer
digit_matt	dereditor	1	Developer
digit_pmedia	jnettutor	1	No specific role
digit_xsat	maestrolist	1	Developer
digiwire	asurabb	1	Project Manager
digi_guy	digicsp	1	All-Hands Person
dignal	rcrem	1	No specific role
digrizrat	loadavr	1	No specific role
digtv	virtualvcr	1	Developer
digulla	javacad	0	Developer
digulla	aros	1	Project Manager
digunix-kaos	anonym-os	0	Developer
digvijay	freeprompter	1	No specific role
digwead	stanly	1	Project Manager
digx	lightsign	1	No specific role
dig_alterego	themis-editor	1	No specific role
dihamit	mangos-wf-v3	0	Developer
dihap	dianti	1	Project Manager
dihardja	jmusic	0	Developer
dihenydd	wmdsweeper	1	No specific role
diiisalinas	inventarios-dss	1	No specific role
diilbert	upxgui	0	Developer
diilbert	phpdbi	1	No specific role
diimka-sf	spi-devel	1	Developer
diiplayer	ncm-chat	1	No specific role
dijitalmaniak	squeal	1	Developer
dijkzeul	workrave	0	Tester
dik	xpilotgame	1	Developer
dik4gen	chatlack	0	Developer
dika2001	furthurnet	0	Developer
dikaios	urbantapestries	1	No specific role
dikan	cor4	1	No specific role
dikappa	mailguy	1	Developer
dikaro	rportal2	0	Developer
dikatlon	etdis	1	No specific role
dikatlon	yabi	0	Developer
dikatlon	gnufs	1	No specific role
dikdust	dustnet	1	No specific role
diken	xconsole	0	Developer
dikhoff	armlinux	0	Developer
dikini	stamina	1	All-Hands Person
dikkie	axelref	0	Developer
dikonuk	quickstate	1	No specific role
dikr	jdbforms	1	Developer
dikspence	daily-diet	1	Project Manager
dikud	rus-virtuemart	1	Developer
dilalla	maxdev	0	Developer
dilanka	rocchat	1	No specific role
dilanka	emsmanagement	1	Project Manager
dilaroga	unacex	1	Developer
dilaroga	imagneto	1	No specific role
dilaroga	itaf	1	No specific role
dilaroga	itunesbl	1	No specific role
dilaudid	echelon	0	Developer
dilbert789	pgmfi	0	No specific role
dilbert_here	javawebalbum	0	Developer
dileepbapat	jaataka	1	No specific role
dilfus	jbookmarks	0	Developer
diligent	balladin	1	No specific role
dilimotm	webbrowse	0	Developer
dilinator	steel	1	No specific role
dilinger	sinek	1	Developer
dilinger	phpxmlrpc	0	Developer
dilinger	intermezzo	0	Developer
dilinger	rtl-ddp	0	Developer
dilinger	gstreamer	0	Developer
dilino	galarm	1	No specific role
dilinykh	vxplib	1	All-Hands Person
dilipjoseph	refkeep	1	No specific role
dilipkrish	plumbworkorange	0	No specific role
dilip_sridhar	bitknight	0	Developer
dilkushan	gxkbsel	1	No specific role
dillee1	eps2emu	1	No specific role
dillie-o	fotelo	1	No specific role
dillie-o	hacksaw-log4net	1	No specific role
dilligent	fastvbircd	1	No specific role
dilligent	pure-ircd	1	Developer
dillo	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
dillo	netbsd-soc	0	Developer
dillon239	wuemailnotifier	0	No specific role
dillona	mgos3	1	All-Hands Person
dillona	phpsupport	1	Project Manager
dilmah	openpnl	0	Developer
dilmah	kernfach	1	Analysis / Design
dilmanator	nitrotech	0	All-Hands Person
dilogsys	fdcopy	1	Project Manager
dilogsys	configmgr	1	No specific role
dilon	mage-editor	1	Developer
dilonel	qknowledge	0	Developer
dilorenzo	metacad	1	Project Manager
dilpreet	peninsulabridge	1	Developer
dilpreet	theclass-org	1	Developer
dilris	diameter	0	Developer
dilshan	sinchat	1	No specific role
dilshan	sinmp3	1	No specific role
dilshan	sindesk	1	No specific role
dilshan	wikiproject	1	No specific role
dilthoms	mcode	0	Developer
dilu	aspintranet	0	Developer
dilvie	oms	1	No specific role
dilvie	ovorp	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dilvie	psycleii	1	No specific role
dilvie	psycle	0	No specific role
dilvie	compoman	1	Analysis / Design
dilweed	splack	0	Developer
dilyanaivanova	cadenza	0	Developer
dilyanrusev	fooblocks	1	Project Manager
dim	datawidget	1	No specific role
dim	open-iscsi	1	No specific role
dim-us	ant-hill	1	Developer
dim76	jgossipforum	0	Developer
dima	gift	0	Developer
dima-exe	rails-on-emacs	1	No specific role
dimabezg	er-dic	1	No specific role
dimaco	aquarel	1	Developer
dimako	mpc-mpk	0	Developer
dimapdv	lightutils	0	Developer
dimarcotech	dtbackup	1	No specific role
dimarcotech	dtnas	1	No specific role
dimas22	dftps	0	Developer
dimas22	wastepolis	0	Developer
dimashdev	helper	1	Project Manager
dimast	derby	1	No specific role
dimast	mars-sim	0	Developer
dimastep	sjc	1	Project Manager
dimaster	k-automaton	1	Project Manager
dimat	tsite	1	No specific role
dimat	gmailwebcheck	1	No specific role
dimat	kavi	1	Developer
dimat	delphidbx	1	No specific role
dimat	flashpanel	1	No specific role
dimateo	processa	0	Developer
dimavk	slyhelp	0	Developer
dimaz-z	tikiwiki	0	Developer
dimaz-z	fastphpchat	1	No specific role
dima_din	mpodo-project	1	No specific role
dima_l	qtiooo	1	No specific role
dima_tomsk	seiroswiki	0	No specific role
dima_tomsk	securephp	0	Developer
dimbec	p2people	0	Developer
dimbix	xincave	1	No specific role
dimby	simulateur23	1	Developer
dimc	sparrow	0	Developer
dimc	xdoclet	1	Developer
dimc	meinds	0	No specific role
dimc	ejbdoclet	0	Developer
dimc	tomcatbook	0	Doc Writer
dimchik	g2sc	1	No specific role
dimdenis	wsmt	0	Developer
dimdenis	retrospectiva	1	No specific role
dimdim_admin	dimdim	1	No specific role
dimdim_bharat	dimdim	0	Developer
dimdim_dd	dimdim	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dimdim_jay	dimdim	0	No specific role
dimdim_mohaps	dimdim	0	Developer
dimdim_navin	dimdim	0	Developer
dimdim_prakash	dimdim	1	Project Manager
dimdim_raj	dimdim	0	Developer
dimdim_rohit	dimdim	0	Developer
dimdim_sundar	dimdim	0	Developer
dimdim_uday	dimdim	0	Developer
dime-poitiers	p-nelope	1	No specific role
dimebag_darrell	moodle-kb	0	Developer
dimeg	asa	1	No specific role
dimension7	appexp	1	No specific role
dimensiondude	seashore	0	Developer
dimensionmedia	taskmaster-net	0	Web Designer
dimento	ospora	1	All-Hands Person
dimentox	php-spacester	1	No specific role
dimentox	lslwiki	1	Developer
dimes	dimes	1	No specific role
dimi	recipes	1	No specific role
dimi	safekeep	1	No specific role
dimi	winrash	0	Developer
dimi	wine	1	Developer
dimi	jdbl	1	No specific role
dimi	visual-mingw	0	Developer
dimi	chef	1	No specific role
dimi	smartwin	0	Developer
dimi15	bellabor	1	Project Manager
dimian	msgbb	1	No specific role
dimichxp	qxm	1	No specific role
dimigon	wahiki	1	No specific role
dimikaka	project-cockpit	1	Developer
dimikaka	hessiancsharp	1	No specific role
dimitar	fdp-bg	1	No specific role
dimitard	opensso	0	Developer
dimitarg	mockejb	0	Developer
dimitarkazakov	eloc	1	No specific role
dimitarkostov	ums	0	Developer
dimiter	sqldba	1	Project Manager
dimitr	ibschema	1	No specific role
dimitr	firebird	1	Developer
dimitri	doxbar	1	Developer
dimitri	doxygen	1	Developer
dimitridor	bmelibpy	1	Developer
dimitrim	gvsproject	0	Developer
dimitris123	bhpstool	1	Project Manager
dimitrishortcut	wxwindows	0	Developer
dimitrishortcut	wxart2d	0	Developer
dimitri_cousew	universal-crm	1	No specific role
dimitry	hibernate-ru	1	No specific role
dimitry	hibernate	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dimitry	bugzilla-ru	0	Developer
dimitry	eddah	1	No specific role
dimitry1	kmixer	0	Developer
dimitrylevin	jinstantmessage	1	No specific role
dimitry_dhondt	jzeno	1	Developer
dimitry_dhondt	myfaces	0	Developer
dimitry_dhondt	smile	1	Developer
dimittdotnet	gradebooks	0	Developer
dimi_b_gay	unigelaber	0	Developer
dimkasta	d-e-s	1	No specific role
dimkovic	faac	0	No specific role
diml	diml	1	Project Manager
dimlight21	biolit	1	No specific role
dimmik1979	jspvc	1	No specific role
dimmoro	openb2b	0	Developer
dimmoro	mkbuilder	1	Project Manager
dimmym	chinchilla	0	No specific role
dimo3d	coolpicker	1	No specific role
dimock	sml	1	Developer
dimonis	bonkenc	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dimon_quaker	squid-extract	1	No specific role
dimopule	code4thought	1	No specific role
dimopule	wifiadmin	1	No specific role
dimopule	lawpubsub	1	No specific role
dimora	simcricket	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dimora	gnomegnation	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dimora	emilyattic	1	No specific role
dimora	chaosgame	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dimostam	clf-ps	1	No specific role
dimostam	nps2	1	No specific role
dimostam	xenger	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
dimovich	riss	1	No specific role
dimovich	netrix	1	Developer
dimozg	qxm	0	Developer
dimpet	iwgui	1	No specific role
dimpgr	eshoppingcenter	1	No specific role
dimroed	rocket-tcltk	0	Web Designer
dimroed	phplite	1	No specific role
dimrsmojo	caliph-emir	0	Developer
dims	book4axis	1	No specific role
dims	wss4j	1	No specific role
dims	ews	1	Project Manager
dims	morphis	1	All-Hands Person
dims	jmousewheel	1	No specific role
dimsonv	yabb	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dimstar	mars	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
dimtey	xc3sprog	0	Developer
dimus	biomail	1	Developer
dimus	somreport	1	No specific role
dimwight	superficial	1	Project Manager
dimxlab	phpgaya	1	No specific role
dimzon	megui	0	Developer
dim_m	tikiwiki	0	Developer
dinaiz	jsusie	1	No specific role
dinakarjb	lksctp	0	Developer
dinakarrao	sudokuj	1	No specific role
dinamiteru	softast	0	Developer
dinamo925	qshare	1	Project Manager
dinamyte	osdp	1	No specific role
dincacar	kalamarbn	1	No specific role
dincerakay	phpoow	1	No specific role
dindinx	gtkpasman	0	Developer
dindit	gutenpalm	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
dine197455	asdn	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dineamix	dineamix	1	No specific role
dinei	apdata	0	Requirements Engineering
dinel	collabwriter	1	No specific role
dinelg	jprojectg2	1	No specific role
dinelong	backupfunctions	1	Project Manager
dinemix	dinemix	1	Developer
dinero47	ctx-blast	1	No specific role
dinesh	software-modem	0	Developer
dinesha_m	heesara	1	Unix Admin
dineshkaushal	oddt	1	No specific role
dineshkaushal	wtl	0	Developer
dineshkaushal	safa	1	No specific role
dineshnayak	wepalco	1	Developer
dineshpandey	redmonster	1	No specific role
dineshparikh	openundo	1	No specific role
dinesh_chahlia	plugnfs	0	No specific role
dingchengli	spider	1	No specific role
dinger1986	moonav	1	Project Manager
dingercat	hermes2	1	No specific role
dingercat	cbwidgets	1	No specific role
dingercat	jaim	0	Developer
dinger_u	servicelanguage	1	Project Manager
dinger_u	fxl-project	1	All-Hands Person
dingetje	iptotal	1	Project Manager
dingetje	doc2igc	1	No specific role
dingfelder	openvetmed	1	Project Manager
dinghaijiang	jexecute	1	No specific role
dinghong	openeducate	0	No specific role
dingman	ddnseditor	1	Developer
dingo123	human-aiml	1	Developer
dingo25au	acceditor	1	No specific role
dingobloo	opnmotion	1	No specific role
dingodave	jsyncmanager	1	Developer
dingo_05	phpechocms	0	Developer
dingo_05	sblog	0	Developer
dingsi	dsaster	0	Developer
dingston	trainingsplaner	1	No specific role
dingulx2	yut	1	Project Manager
dingx	nomatic	0	Developer
dingxiang	columns	0	Developer
dingzhigang	minidx	1	No specific role
dinhlugiang	moodle	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dinhnh	avatal	0	Developer
dinis	ansa	1	No specific role
dinis	owasp	1	All-Hands Person
dinis	foundstone	0	Developer
dinkoh	dcrawler	1	Developer
dinkola	webstretch	1	Project Manager
dinko_01	camlgrenouille	1	Developer
dinko_ivanov	flowchartstudio	1	No specific role
dinkum	lsslg	0	No specific role
dinkyd	orca-robotics	0	No specific role
dinkydan	osqdb	0	No specific role
dinmadz	quizsanet	1	No specific role
dinmadz	xpweb	0	Developer
dinnri	php-blog	0	Developer
dino	pp2p	0	Tester
dino4k	pyquake3	1	No specific role
dinobot71	pl1gcc	0	Developer
dinochopins	j-course	1	No specific role
dinocore	tagfarm	1	No specific role
dinocore	gofs	1	No specific role
dinodork	motopain	0	No specific role
dinoex	iroffer-lamm	0	Developer
dinoex	portrookies	0	Developer
dinoex	unix-connect	1	Project Manager
dinogen	kahemba	1	No specific role
dinogen	xik	1	No specific role
dinogen	zzonette	1	Project Manager
dinogen	wxglade	0	Developer
dinogen	dinogendivx	1	No specific role
dinohunter	ipblockerjoomla	1	No specific role
dinoj	ndaona	1	No specific role
dinojedi	pot	1	No specific role
dinomaster	owz	1	No specific role
dinomite	orbis	0	Developer
dinomite	pyios	0	Developer
dinooz	phpoc	1	No specific role
dinooz	phpmychart	1	No specific role
dinooz	phpoz	1	No specific role
dinooz	phpopenmonitor	1	No specific role
dinosaur	osgsdl	1	All-Hands Person
dinosaur	citybuilder	1	No specific role
dinosaur	kludge3d	1	No specific role
dinosaur-rus	squirrelsh	1	Developer
dinosaurus	okcii	1	Project Manager
dinosor	kdvdauth	1	No specific role
dinox	d-scripts	1	No specific role
dinsen	pmcms	1	No specific role
dinskeep	jcast	0	Analysis / Design
dinth	hooligansrl	1	No specific role
dinther99	glscene	1	Project Manager
dinucci	cds-bcr	1	No specific role
dinusha048	sahana	0	Tester
dinu_gherman	reportlab	1	No specific role
dinu_gherman	pyobjc	0	Tester
dinu_gherman	plone-docs	1	Developer
dinu_gherman	pingo	0	No specific role
dinyar	dpi	0	Developer
diod631	esun	1	Support Manager
diodesign	carlyle	1	No specific role
diodesign	riscos-constant	0	Graphic/Other Designer
diodio	wired	0	No specific role
diogenes187	opened	1	No specific role
diogenes57	aftertheauction	1	No specific role
diogeneslingus	diogeneslingus	1	No specific role
diogenessinope	sdaukubik	1	No specific role
diogenessinope	mediakwa	1	No specific role
diogenesx	koha-tools	1	All-Hands Person
diogenesx	kuote	1	No specific role
diogo405	together	1	No specific role
diogo86	rqmf	1	No specific role
diogoaihara	talentospoli	1	No specific role
diogob	tukro	1	No specific role
diogoesmenio	goldenprofessor	1	No specific role
diogojesus	sync4jmozilla	1	Developer
diogoresende	docmngmt	1	No specific role
diogosaad	xingu	1	Project Manager
diogownunes	mfinance	1	No specific role
diogownunes	hotsyncmidlet	1	No specific role
diogownunes	jcompass	0	Developer
diogo_drm	amigos	0	Developer
diogo_luiz	centralsource	1	Developer
dioiwanesko	sticsperformer	0	Developer
diok	agentacademy	1	Developer
diok	aadataminer	1	No specific role
dioli	conquest	1	Developer
dioli	gloomengine	1	Project Manager
diolin	viaexp	1	No specific role
diomedesmv	gipy	1	No specific role
diometres	diomwebmail	1	No specific role
dion	nil	0	No specific role
dionalmaer	xbeans	1	No specific role
dionalmaer	wafer	0	Developer
dionb	night-hawk	0	Tester
dionet	srinjado	1	Developer
diongillard	mevenide	1	Project Manager
diongillard	maven-plugins	1	Developer
dionie	xhunit	1	No specific role
dionie	dbcmd	1	No specific role
dionisos	viewcvs	0	Developer
dionistss	quantumlogic	0	Developer
dionjp	libtune	1	Project Manager
dionjp	elsa	1	Project Manager
dionjp	ckrm	0	Developer
dionjp	akt	1	Project Manager
dionliddell	wetdog	1	Developer
dionm	planet-earth	0	Developer
dionnicolaas	wizapp	1	No specific role
dionolsthoorn	portalfx	1	No specific role
dionp2	wolp	1	No specific role
dionua	moto4lin	1	No specific role
dionx	juc	0	Developer
dionysios	gramps	0	Developer
dionysos-sf	qtparted	0	No specific role
dionyziz	openarc	0	Web Designer
dionyziz	node	1	Developer
diophant	ne-odc	0	Developer
diopmame	galicia	0	Developer
dios	photoseek	0	No specific role
diosan	weasel32	0	Web Designer
dioscaido	mysqlebk	1	No specific role
diosx	ffpos	0	Developer
diotoir	gtwar	0	Developer
diouk	robosim	1	Developer
diozaka	octod	1	Developer
dio_dorato	j-rpg	1	No specific role
dipa	hm-reader	1	No specific role
dipak_ks	ychat-irc	0	Developer
dipak_ks	vemu	0	No specific role
dipak_ks	easymol	0	Developer
dipankar	lse	0	Developer
dipankar	lhcs	1	Developer
dipankarsarkar	ways99	1	Developer
dipankarsarkar	hotauth	1	No specific role
dipankarsarkar	perstamp	1	No specific role
dipankarsarkar	dlasim	1	No specific role
dipankarsarkar	auli	1	No specific role
dipankarsarkar	crucible	0	No specific role
diparun	fluidity	0	Developer
dipaz	intecod	1	No specific role
dipaz	soled	1	No specific role
dipaz	artemis	1	No specific role
dipe	pdf2mail	1	No specific role
dipesh	komacro	1	No specific role
dipforest	qtalk	1	Project Manager
diphel	cs-school	0	Developer
dipi69	porloschicos	1	Developer
diploguns	athelion	1	Project Manager
dipnet	notimportant	1	No specific role
dippe	pagetool	1	Developer
dippen	trikpanel	1	No specific role
dippernet	punctwebcms	0	Developer
dippy_aggarwal	duplica	1	No specific role
dipsykapoor	butterflywf	0	Developer
dipsy_po	sslexplorer	0	Support Manager
diptikalyan	xsb	0	Developer
diptishedji	oosdt	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
dipz	qtfirewall	1	No specific role
diracn	saw	1	No specific role
diracn	proyectox	0	Developer
dirac_dev	dirac	0	Developer
diraimondo	gscmxx	0	Developer
dirch	bbalc	0	Developer
directall	birdinfotracker	1	No specific role
directhex	eris-browser	1	No specific role
directhex	gptools	1	No specific role
directrix1	firebird	0	No specific role
directweb	net2ftp	1	Developer
directx	acemu	0	No specific role
directx11	mxmathgraph	1	No specific role
direttore87	jxrename	1	No specific role
direttore87	vintagemail	1	No specific role
direvus	astweb	1	Developer
dire_wolf	fvm	0	Web Designer
dire_wolf	eddas	1	No specific role
dirgesh	galilpci	1	No specific role
dirigeant	twain	1	Developer
dirigeant	cila	1	Project Manager
dirk	opensg	1	Project Manager
dirk	glscry	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dirk	lodestone	0	Developer
dirk-b	gtkgdb	0	No specific role
dirk49	cdk	0	Developer
dirk49	jchempaint	0	Developer
dirkb	ixp1200	1	No specific role
dirkbade	jxtaim	0	Developer
dirkbade	jadex	0	Developer
dirkbade	rec	1	No specific role
dirkbaechle	fen2eps	1	No specific role
dirkbaechle	barracuda	1	No specific role
dirkbaechle	pgn2ltx	1	No specific role
dirkbaechle	chesstask	1	All-Hands Person
dirkbaechle	char2eps	1	No specific role
dirkbaechle	gerber2eps	1	No specific role
dirkbreeuwer	ppfn	1	Project Manager
dirkbrusselaers	jzeno	0	Developer
dirkd	digiquest	1	No specific role
dirkdatzert	django-userlibs	1	No specific role
dirkdatzert	imageserver	1	No specific role
dirkdejager	v4freefox	1	No specific role
dirkeismann	log4f	0	No specific role
dirkengberg	javarisk	0	Developer
dirkfellenberg	gusdaf	1	Project Manager
dirkg	avgi	0	No specific role
dirkgerrits	nth	1	Developer
dirkgeschke	flop	1	No specific role
dirkgomez	macbackup	1	No specific role
dirkgomez	berlinifyer	0	No specific role
dirkgomez	webcal	1	No specific role
dirkgrunwald	crp	1	No specific role
dirkhillbrecht	helpsetmaker	1	Project Manager
dirkhillbrecht	googlemaps-echo	0	Developer
dirkhillbrecht	i18nedit	1	Project Manager
dirkhillbrecht	quaterback-jcc	1	No specific role
dirkhillbrecht	cwi-framework	0	Developer
dirkhufnagel	servermon	1	Project Manager
dirkhusemann	opencard	1	Developer
dirkj	fredl	1	No specific role
dirkj	embeddedloconet	0	Developer
dirkj	fremo-stw	0	Developer
dirkj	fremo-block	1	Developer
dirknetdirk	realworld-dip	1	No specific role
dirko	wscreator	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dirkojs	ride-gaming	0	Developer
dirkorette	pw-helper	1	No specific role
dirkpitt2050	emu48mac	1	No specific role
dirkpitt2050	celestia	0	Developer
dirkpitt2050	docoabrowser	1	Developer
dirkpitt2050	autograf	1	No specific role
dirkpitt2050	jfcmac	1	No specific role
dirkpv	icme	0	No specific role
dirkrudolf	krsa	0	Web Designer
dirksamson	dsol	0	No specific role
dirkschaller	spekulatius	0	No specific role
dirkschauries	gusdaf	0	Developer
dirkschout	siteatschool	1	No specific role
dirkschreckmann	junitfaces	1	No specific role
dirkschreckmann	shamrock	1	No specific role
dirkschreckmann	mvnsaloon	1	Developer
dirkse	tomcatbook	0	Editorial/Content Writer
dirksen	ecoaccess	0	Developer
dirktrossen	nors	1	No specific role
dirkv	mshop	1	Developer
dirkv	aspfreaksts	0	Developer
dirkwalther	stb	1	Developer
dirkx	sparql4j	0	Developer
dirkx	rdfstore	1	Developer
dirkx	webcam-osx	1	Developer
dirk_f	xforceffd	1	Project Manager
dirk_gerdes	rulegenerator	1	No specific role
dirk_held	shox	0	Developer
dirk_jot	idmvisualproc	1	No specific role
dirk_louwers	xoops	0	No specific role
dirk_schmitt	idee	1	All-Hands Person
dirk_sg	rojav	0	Tester
dirk_uk	openfiler-rel	1	All-Hands Person
dirk_vdb	nzbgrabber	1	No specific role
dirk_wriedt	scanbuttond	0	Developer
dirlin	lindnerei	1	No specific role
dirmass	bespoke	0	Developer
dirnet	andy-quest	1	No specific role
dirtdoge	compoundcalc	1	Developer
dirtside	pio	0	Developer
dirtside2	pio	0	Developer
dirty	billmate	1	Project Manager
dirty-harry	openmdx	1	Developer
dirtyape	tarmellion	1	Developer
dirtybird	sve	1	No specific role
dirtybuddha	ids-config	0	All-Hands Person
dirtycat	shareaza	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dirtydevil76	pluggedout	1	Unix Admin
dirtydevil76	pluggedout-cms	1	Unix Admin
dirtyhairy	amoebagame	1	No specific role
dirtyrat	rcalc	1	Developer
dirtyrat	python-irclib	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
dirtyrat	gniall	1	No specific role
dirtytristan	minetheenker	1	No specific role
dirty_d	osgwrapped	1	No specific role
dirty_ink	freeport	1	No specific role
dirty_leo	sokkermonkey	1	Developer
dirus	javalaunch	1	No specific role
dirus	electricsheep	0	Developer
dirvine	eboxit	1	No specific role
dirvine	ayrconf	1	Analysis / Design
dirx	acemu	0	No specific role
dis	xmms-pyctl	1	No specific role
disa1982	dicore	1	No specific role
disanti	libsol	1	No specific role
disanti	pif	1	Developer
disanti	amnesiaengine	1	No specific role
disasm	reactos	0	No specific role
disasm_	nenobot	1	All-Hands Person
disasta	niq	1	Developer
disasta	phpsdl	0	Developer
disasta	php-ages	1	Project Manager
disc0stu	flokk	0	Developer
disc0stu	fluidity	1	No specific role
disc0stu	naturecalls	1	Developer
disc0stu	imagecave	1	Developer
disc0stu	autoonslaught	1	Developer
discard	vaire	0	Developer
discase	jdr3d	1	Project Manager
disch	billardgl	0	Developer
discha	tiro	0	Project Manager
discha	phportals	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dischead	chessclient	1	Project Manager
dischi	freevo	1	Project Manager
dischi	mpio	0	Tester
dischi	mmpython	1	Developer
disciple3d	democracy	1	No specific role
disck	tagconv	1	No specific role
disck	is-math	1	No specific role
disck	is-util	1	No specific role
disco-stu	spaceinvaders	1	All-Hands Person
discobean	p5persistence	1	No specific role
discodestroyer	fuqt	0	Web Designer
discoferret	bm-game	1	Analysis / Design
discofish	gaimserv	1	No specific role
discojonny	mars	0	Tester
discoleo	webaprez	1	No specific role
discoloda	q2litegl	1	Developer
discoloda	nullearth	1	No specific role
discomp	discomp	1	No specific role
disconn3ct	mvdsv	0	Developer
disconn3ct	tourneypro	0	Developer
disconn3ct	ezquake	0	Unix Admin
disconn3ct	zquake	0	No specific role
disconnected	mediacat	0	Graphic/Other Designer
discostoo	greenridge	1	All-Hands Person
discosys	tiopf	1	Developer
discouraged_one	jvc2d	0	Developer
discoverpc	centris	1	No specific role
discsweep	thekeep	1	No specific role
discsweep	discsweep	1	No specific role
discsweep	game-eclipse	1	No specific role
discsweep	kosmo	1	No specific role
discsweep	h-racer	1	No specific role
diserens	osmailcleaner	1	Project Manager
disgoseek	pennpoker	1	No specific role
disgruntledtech	gameq	0	Developer
disi	alucard	1	No specific role
disidiosus	eblog	1	Developer
disier	smarttool	1	No specific role
disintegration	ganshill	1	No specific role
disisdkat	glazework	1	No specific role
disk64	webshell	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
disk91	ddcp	1	No specific role
diskcrasher	spamgrinderprox	1	No specific role
diskcrasher	spamgrinder	1	No specific role
diskcrasher	aspforums	1	No specific role
diskette2006	caballerosz	1	No specific role
diskostu	convave	1	No specific role
disks86	cpac	1	Project Manager
disks86	webdevdotnet	1	No specific role
disks86	vbgameframework	1	No specific role
disks86	phoenixkit	1	No specific role
dismahk	pduel	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dismaldonkey	babblebooster	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dismented	cipaf	1	No specific role
dismith	bajjer	0	Developer
dismo	akg-helpsite	1	Web Designer
disnel	povarch	1	No specific role
disnet	brisc	1	Developer
disommav	collective	1	Developer
disommav	plone	0	Developer
disommav	archetypes	0	Developer
disommav	zcp	1	Project Manager
disommav	openflow	1	Project Manager
disommav	ingeniweb	0	Developer
disorder	pixhound	1	No specific role
disorder	stparser	1	No specific role
disorder	landshop	1	No specific role
disorgoth	sic-im	1	No specific role
dispader	ospi	1	Developer
dispeide	xmlec11n	0	Developer
dispiste	kmsn	0	Developer
displacer	dissearch	1	No specific role
displacer	hlwatcher	1	No specific role
dispy	openspacegame	0	Developer
dispyte	orcan	0	Developer
dispyte	dispyte	1	No specific role
disq	cabbar	1	No specific role
disq	maemopadplus	1	Developer
disruption	playengine	1	No specific role
dissemination	rodin-b-sharp	1	Distributor/Promoter
dist0rted	dbnetwork	1	No specific role
dist0rted	atactics	1	No specific role
distance880	ride-gaming	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
distance880	ragdollcombat	0	Graphic/Other Designer
distance880	eveningstar	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
distance880	werewolf	0	Graphic/Other Designer
distances	lemonite	0	Developer
distant-exon	distant	1	Developer
distatica	heartseed	0	Web Designer
diste	edvd	0	Developer
distinctweb	sitebreadcrumbs	1	No specific role
disto	h-5	0	Web Designer
distobj	mod-pubsub	0	Developer
distributeddave	slurpie	0	Developer
distributeddave	padd	1	No specific role
distributeddave	acropadd	1	No specific role
distributedray	distributedray	1	No specific role
distrimon	distrimon	1	Project Manager
distro	mnj5	1	No specific role
distrolist	doubleqwerty	1	No specific role
distrolist	phpwc	1	No specific role
distrpeer	distrpeer	1	No specific role
disturbing13	bosgcs	1	Project Manager
disumu	erc	1	Developer
dite	phios	1	No specific role
diti_	warmbb	0	Developer
ditling	struts	0	Developer
ditling	sslext	1	No specific role
ditrix	lproject	0	Project Manager
ditrix	qt1l	0	Developer
dittert	jwall	0	Developer
dittmar	enutile	0	Developer
dittools	trojanscan	1	No specific role
ditty007	lemmings-bute	0	Doc Writer
divad23	battlesoccer	1	Unix Admin
divad27182	tikpkgs	0	No specific role
divadodue	gtlt	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
divaharlal	mobchannel	0	Developer
divaldo	xletview	0	Developer
divanisevic	isportal05	0	Developer
divarin1	muse1	1	No specific role
divarin1	delmail	1	No specific role
divarin1	theater	1	No specific role
divarin1	craters	1	No specific role
divch	bios-lt	1	No specific role
divch	evm50100	1	No specific role
dive	foocore	1	Project Manager
dive	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
diversedev	jtblocks	1	No specific role
diversi	lybra	0	Tester
divgradcurl	koalaxml	0	Developer
divi	phpdefob	1	Developer
divide	gemrb	0	Developer
dividebyzero14	ghpmathproj	0	No specific role
dividio	projectfootball	1	No specific role
divilinux	kbtsco	1	No specific role
divine	eyuan	1	No specific role
divine7	stratego329	0	No specific role
divineevil	da-vi	1	No specific role
divinehawk	hoosthere	1	No specific role
diviner	shoottokill	1	No specific role
divino_zarathos	runie	0	No specific role
divinusproject	divinus	1	No specific role
division_19	chaotictools	1	No specific role
divlib	divlib	1	No specific role
divo76	odf-converter	0	Tester
divo76	sepia	1	No specific role
divot_powell	seedcore	1	Developer
divsan	holy3d	1	No specific role
divulgando	phpnukebrasil	0	No specific role
divvy	cavb	1	Developer
divvy	mclp	1	Developer
divvy	rrt	1	All-Hands Person
divxmethode	dvx	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
divxrepair	divxrepair	1	No specific role
divyajain	snapext2	1	Developer
divyanarayanan	e-evolution	0	Developer
divya_bg	icescan	0	Developer
divzero	showsrc	1	No specific role
divzero	xith3d	1	Project Manager
divzero	xith-tk	1	Project Manager
divzero	juk	1	Developer
diwadm	halalan	0	No specific role
diwaker	junc	1	No specific role
diwaker	digjim	1	No specific role
diwaker	comics-grabber	1	No specific role
diwaker	starfish	1	No specific role
diwakernitin	jcustomdict	1	No specific role
diwic3	ackord	1	No specific role
diwil	mspgcc	1	Developer
diwu	stadb	1	Developer
dixon99	free-track	1	Developer
dixonsl	project-open	0	Tester
dixy_ro	infotec	1	No specific role
dixy_ro	bsd-cp	0	Developer
diyaa	tersus	0	Developer
diyah_noe	richaffiliates	0	Developer
diyfiesta	scjp-course	1	No specific role
diyfiesta	tennison-tests	1	Developer
diyfiesta	pokimon	1	No specific role
diyfiesta	awsintegration	1	No specific role
diza	seedai	1	Project Manager
dizel	deforex	0	Developer
dizel	maxmingame	0	Developer
dizelfaliora	maatnet	1	No specific role
dizelfaliora	nms2006	1	Developer
dizhigul	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
dizhigul	unicore	0	Developer
dizimatt	dw4lin	1	No specific role
dizimatt	wxnuggets	1	All-Hands Person
dizixagi	uxrps	0	Tester
dizmo	osvsd	0	Developer
dizmo	seagull	0	Developer
dizmo	phpeclipse	1	Developer
dizzentive	phpbeat	1	Project Manager
dizzentive	ktools	1	All-Hands Person
dizzentive	mtamazon	0	Developer
dizzentive	unmade	1	Project Manager
dizzi	tclreadline	0	Developer
dizzle23	ucterrainmap	0	Developer
dizzutch	phpquiz	1	No specific role
dizzutch	ostunes	0	No specific role
dizzutch	myphotos	1	Developer
dizzutch	h-5	1	Developer
dizzutch	eighttrak	0	No specific role
dizzy	doas	0	Developer
dizzy	dalt	1	No specific role
dizzy	palmcoins	1	All-Hands Person
dizzy	freecoins	1	All-Hands Person
dizzyd	gabber	1	Project Manager
dizzyd	exodus	0	Developer
dizzyd	marbles	1	No specific role
dizzyd	jabberoo	1	No specific role
dizzyd	jabber-net	0	Developer
dizzyd	jabberfox	0	No specific role
dizzyddizzyd	jchatplus	1	Tester
dizzyddizzyd	ldapobjs	1	Tester
dizzy_p	phpclassgen	1	No specific role
dizzzz	exist	0	Developer
di_chaos	cstk	1	Developer
dj-batista	djp4nel	1	No specific role
dj-huexo	kaosbot	0	Developer
dj-kast	glreport	1	Project Manager
dj-lucky	nims69	1	Tester
dj-pyro	ditrackerbot	0	Developer
dj-pyro	ircputrs	1	Project Manager
dj006	phpmemx	0	Web Designer
dj00cg	mobilewire	1	No specific role
dj00cg	mp3aus	1	No specific role
dj015	new-beginning	1	No specific role
dj015	bgs	0	Web Designer
dj2	enlightenment	0	Developer
dj2	denature	1	No specific role
dj2u	crazycar	1	Project Manager
dj51d	flac-tools	1	No specific role
dj51d	libradio	1	No specific role
dj51d	libesql	1	No specific role
dj701	tunes2db	1	No specific role
dja	tvtwm	1	No specific role
dja	libdenise	1	Project Manager
dja	gnuton	1	No specific role
djaara	qtstumbler	1	Developer
djabi	speak-clipboard	1	No specific role
djabraham	xamner	1	No specific role
djabraham	zlibmfc	1	No specific role
djachenko	moodledocs	1	No specific role
djachenko	moodle	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
djacko	itsealing	0	Developer
djacobsdjacobs	reblog	0	Developer
djaenichen	jedimath	0	Developer
djagt3	igloo-office	0	Developer
djain	realmethods	0	No specific role
djalden	oclc	1	All-Hands Person
djamadeus	tigs	1	No specific role
djamel	tmap	1	Project Manager
djamel	open2dprot	0	Developer
djamiek	toolman	0	Tester
djander	mb9xisp	1	No specific role
djander	isp-mb9x	0	Developer
djangoletto	cplproject	0	No specific role
djans	cogitopop	1	No specific role
djantzen	perlforjava	1	No specific role
djape	care2002	0	Developer
djaquay	wxpycoverage	1	Project Manager
djaquay	palmpgn	1	No specific role
djaquay	d-rose	1	All-Hands Person
djarcas	bridgecon	0	Developer
djarko	browsergame-gof	1	No specific role
djarman	ride-gaming	0	Developer
djaroslav	djchess	1	Project Manager
djarre4	openedu	1	No specific role
djart	alis	1	Developer
djart	xplosion	1	Developer
djart	jubler	0	Developer
djasonpenney	watchclone	0	Developer
djassi	svgraph	1	No specific role
djatcoding	jetts	1	Developer
djav	nexusbbs	0	Developer
djavastark	filebase	1	No specific role
djawed_aberkane	securingscriba	0	Developer
djay	coropa	1	Developer
djayc2104	affiliatewv	1	No specific role
djayn	gentoo-gis	0	Developer
djayp	phpmysport	1	No specific role
djazayeri	telemedmail	1	No specific role
djb61	drftpd	0	Developer
djbaker	highrise	1	Project Manager
djbaker	bugwatcher	1	No specific role
djbaker	tunebounce	1	No specific role
djbaker	memorizmo	1	No specific role
djbanaan	phpmohadmin	1	No specific role
djbarker	cpptool	0	Developer
djbarker	opencxx	0	No specific role
djbarker	introspector	0	No specific role
djbarney	kissis	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
djbarney	spacedatawiki	1	No specific role
djbase	ajabberwocky	1	Project Manager
djbclark	openafs-contrib	1	Project Manager
djbender	haploview	0	No specific role
djberg96	ruby-netutils	1	No specific role
djberg96	ruby-sysutils	1	No specific role
djberg96	rubyspreadsheet	1	No specific role
djberg96	ruby-miscutils	1	No specific role
djberg96	modulebuilder	1	All-Hands Person
djberube	rain2html	1	No specific role
djberube	unexcel	1	No specific role
djberube	vinlib	1	No specific role
djberube	access2psql	1	No specific role
djbjrca	diptool	1	No specific role
djbo	dialogic	1	No specific role
djbo	pocketwiki	1	No specific role
djbooyadjbooya	bf2-mupdater	1	No specific role
djburke	pdl	0	Developer
djburn	ssboard	1	No specific role
djc	thecode	0	No specific role
djcapelis	solar-empire	0	Developer
djcapelis	wpopenid	0	Developer
djcarlton	teapotware	0	Developer
djcarson	openoss	0	Developer
djcasp	salihi	1	No specific role
djcassar	icartmanager	1	No specific role
djcassar	miniconverter	1	No specific role
djce	musicbrainz	1	Developer
djchase	jstripchart	0	Developer
djcinsb	xps4xps	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
djcinsb	wxewa	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
djclarke	arcem	0	No specific role
djclljx	amail	0	Developer
djcmackay	dasher	1	Project Manager
djcnz	dplayer	1	No specific role
djcookblues	icme	0	No specific role
djcordhose	xml-im-exporter	1	No specific role
djcordhose	xpa	1	No specific role
djcordhose	jsl	1	No specific role
djcornell	phpmysqlbench	1	Project Manager
djcousin	inraci2006	1	Developer
djcp03	jfantasyengine	1	Developer
djcyr	javanettool	1	No specific role
djcyr	thirdhalf	1	No specific role
djd2tq	sfgdcoll	1	Developer
djdarkviper	dpf	1	No specific role
djdarland	dbcodegen2	1	No specific role
djdarland	sode	1	No specific role
djdarland	apfp	1	No specific role
djdelorie	pcb	1	Developer
djdevoid	emblog	1	No specific role
djdevoid	php-x	1	No specific role
djdevoid	revverj	1	No specific role
djdhg	xamppaddon	0	Developer
djdhg	xampp	0	Developer
djdie	chibre	1	No specific role
djdie	djcms	1	Project Manager
djdie	ubillard	1	Project Manager
djdjer	mateo	1	No specific role
djdrsing	ops	1	Developer
djduchamp	jmri	0	Developer
djecak	verlihub	0	No specific role
djechelon	udl	1	No specific role
djechelon	flashnuke	1	Project Manager
djechelon	rsalib	1	No specific role
djechelon	phpmybittorrent	1	All-Hands Person
djechelon	nuketorrent	1	Project Manager
djedery	phpmyinventory	1	All-Hands Person
djedery	phpformbuilder	1	All-Hands Person
djedery	ezsite	1	Project Manager
djedi	fungus-agent	1	Project Manager
djedi	mapnav	1	No specific role
djedi	cursescraft	1	No specific role
djedi	xbvl	1	No specific role
djedi	petit-httpd	1	No specific role
djedi	amorphous	1	No specific role
djee	jelly	1	Project Manager
djeebus	facebooknet	1	No specific role
djeeg	aceginet	1	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
djeelaw	donj7	1	Developer
djeen_14	projectsk	1	No specific role
djeepy1	sqalp	0	Developer
djef	savonet	0	Developer
djeffers	pgpforwarder	1	No specific role
djeje	easytag	1	Project Manager
djem	viskprog	0	Doc Writer
djema	coursor	0	No specific role
djema	peeranha42	0	No specific role
djemili	dpp	1	No specific role
djemili	jmemorize	1	Developer
djenk47	forumplus	1	Project Manager
djensenius	supercollider	0	Developer
djenz	bpedit	1	Project Manager
djerius	pdl	0	Developer
djerome	hackerlabs	1	No specific role
djerome	libcfi	1	No specific role
djerome	libscl	1	No specific role
djeyl	amxmod	0	Developer
djeyl	psychostats-fr	0	No specific role
djeyl	frenchadminmod	1	No specific role
djeyre	tclshp	1	No specific role
djez	dejavu	0	Developer
djf	tuxscreen	0	Developer
djf	linkstationwiki	1	Developer
djf	linxt	1	Developer
djf	nslu	1	Developer
djf	openjtag	0	Developer
djfabozzi	fsml	0	No specific role
djfabozzi	envision3	0	Developer
djfang	wowbayes	0	Developer
djfeliz	joomlabr	1	No specific role
djfiander	openncip	1	Developer
djflux	auditunlink	1	No specific role
djfoobarmatt	awf	0	No specific role
djfoobarmatt	fez	1	Developer
djfreestyler	twilightengine	1	Developer
djfreezingcold	frostebook	1	No specific role
djfrey1974	epull	1	No specific role
djfuego	eounicorn	0	Graphic/Other Designer
djf_jeff	addon	1	Developer
djg	gpstrans	0	Developer
djg123	lfs-via-rpm	0	Developer
djgarcias	rcpp2pbattle	0	Developer
djgardner	ktty	1	No specific role
djgilcrease	openrpg	0	Developer
djgoldsmith	sen-sor	1	All-Hands Person
djgraham	nteam	0	No specific role
djgraham	draconet	0	Developer
djgraham	smartwin	0	Developer
djgregor	opennms	0	Developer
djgregor	mailping	1	No specific role
djgregor	jrobin	0	Developer
djh	ggz	0	No specific role
djhagberg	sybtcl	1	All-Hands Person
djhbruijnen	techunited	0	Developer
djhender	oraschemadoc	0	No specific role
djhilferty	g3d-cpp	0	Doc Writer
djhix	mdlug	0	No specific role
djholdy	tahoe	0	Developer
djhook	aast	1	No specific role
djhook	guardiao	1	No specific role
djhook	phprapiddev	1	Project Manager
djhorv	fragmend	0	Developer
djhotice	spanel	1	Developer
djhyperbyte	opennap2	1	No specific role
djia	vert	0	Developer
djia002	djia002	1	No specific role
djiang	tadinfo	0	Project Manager
djiang	kids	0	No specific role
djiaosf	ebxmlrr	0	Developer
djibb	elynx	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
djibb	qastrocam	0	No specific role
djibb	lin4astro	1	No specific role
djibb	predictsatlib	1	No specific role
djihed	arabicopencd	1	No specific role
djiin	beclean	0	Developer
djinn87	seedling	0	No specific role
djinnii	postlog	1	No specific role
djinnii	plima	1	No specific role
djinny	xforum2	1	No specific role
djinnz70	neapolix	1	No specific role
djinsanity	tltms	1	No specific role
djinx49	mynas	0	Developer
djip	ffff	0	Developer
djjeavons	dotnetffl	1	No specific role
djjo	moosemud	0	No specific role
djjones	pn-redirector	1	No specific role
djk	psdoom	1	All-Hands Person
djk1123	transmute	1	No specific role
djk20	rsnapshot	1	Developer
djk20	group-office	0	Developer
djk2005	iks-symbian	1	No specific role
djkhan	jshare	1	No specific role
djkhaotic	vtube	1	No specific role
djkiller	spanel	0	Developer
djkolo	kolomixer	1	No specific role
djkork	stylus-control	1	No specific role
djkuhl	patternbuilder	0	Developer
djlawler	pybzedit	1	No specific role
djleahy	knecs	1	Unix Admin
djleoli	extremelinux	1	No specific role
djleoli	edonkeyplus	1	No specific role
djleoli	bitfire	1	No specific role
djlightning	eve-nuke	1	No specific role
djlizard	bodega	0	Developer
djlmsf	lnrt2html	1	Project Manager
djlotos	miranda-pl	1	Support Manager
djluff	soaponarope	1	No specific role
djluff	snakegully	1	Project Manager
djluff	gtksql	1	Project Manager
djm	ansi-st-tests	0	No specific role
djm007	tomcatbook	0	Doc Writer
djm0219	codebank	0	Developer
djm181	qwl	1	No specific role
djm6809	exe	0	Developer
djm6809	pygecko	0	No specific role
djmadness	totalircd	1	No specific role
djmajumdar	hotclient	1	No specific role
djmajumdar	ccc	1	No specific role
djmalak	lpuni	0	Distributor/Promoter
djmalan	jboss	0	Developer
djmamana	dynamicjasper	1	No specific role
djmax	win2kradius	1	No specific role
djmax	wafdotnet	1	Developer
djmax	friendlynomad	1	No specific role
djmay	kanjixml	1	Project Manager
djmayday	wxocr	0	Developer
djmaze	phpnuke65-cpg	1	Project Manager
djmc	openfc	1	Project Manager
djmcgoldrick	dtron	1	No specific role
djmcgrath	phpsitelib	1	Developer
djmcmahon	xap	0	No specific role
djmels	etcms	1	No specific role
djmips	gbdk	1	Developer
djmirage	juicybook	1	Project Manager
djmirage	bomberclone	0	No specific role
djmitche	entertrack	1	Project Manager
djmitche	amanda	0	Developer
djmoby	wherespider	1	Project Manager
djmoby	fwutilities	1	No specific role
djmorgul	mundocaad	1	All-Hands Person
djmorse	webgaim	0	Developer
djmortimer	vbircd	0	Developer
djmp	deinterlace	0	Developer
djmunds	djburn	1	No specific role
djneo	asisted-lesson	1	No specific role
djnetwerk	finalscratch	0	Developer
djneu	scheme-pg	1	No specific role
djneu	scheme-r	1	No specific role
djnox	nataliebot	1	No specific role
djnrempel	froodnet	1	No specific role
djnrempel	xhack	0	Developer
djnz	webg8	1	No specific role
djnz	tikiwiki	0	Developer
djo35	ccpn	1	Developer
djoannid	atop	1	Developer
djobet	nosica	1	No specific role
djocal	tweed	0	No specific role
djocal	infusionproject	1	No specific role
djoerd	streettivo	0	Developer
djoffe	metatopia	1	No specific role
djoga	geotraxtion	0	Developer
djoguet	tikiwiki	0	Developer
djoham	pontiff	1	No specific role
djoham	xmljs	1	Developer
djohnnie_sf	ogmdemuxgui	1	No specific role
djol	jpgd	1	No specific role
djolic	trunet	0	Developer
djolic	umlsculptor	0	Project Manager
djolic	cygnusos	0	Analysis / Design
djones1960	jornada820	0	Developer
djonk	sigel	0	Developer
djony	freepfw	1	All-Hands Person
djony	livecd	0	Developer
djorel	formula-de	1	Project Manager
djowel	spirit	1	Developer
djowel	boost-sandbox	0	Developer
djowel	boost	0	Developer
djp	wmamp	1	No specific role
djp199	openmks	0	Developer
djp3	nomatic	1	All-Hands Person
djp3	sali	1	Developer
djp952	zucchini	1	No specific role
djpaul	esconline	0	Developer
djpham	bitpim	1	Developer
djpiccoli	audiolab	1	No specific role
djpiccoli	sweep	0	Developer
djpig	friwahl	1	Project Manager
djpig	fsphp	1	No specific role
djpretzel	recurser	1	No specific role
djpurple	mixermixer	0	No specific role
djquartz	sa1asio	1	No specific role
djrand	anids	1	No specific role
djrand	freeips	1	Project Manager
djravine	nada-aou	1	No specific role
djredmar	www-vinyl-db	1	No specific role
djredox	underjap	1	Developer
djrenow	dijiportal	1	Project Manager
djrichard	pyjdict	1	No specific role
djriel	xlsuite	1	Project Manager
djrisc	geektalk32	1	Developer
djrobx	dotnettv	1	Developer
djroj2001	aamt3dgame	0	Developer
djroketboy	vbgarage	1	No specific role
djromainfr	exodusproject	0	Developer
djroneusa	mpcpgm	1	No specific role
djsamba	mypage	0	Developer
djsamba	wikyblog	0	Web Designer
djsambo	heropyquest	1	No specific role
djsavant	emmdash	1	No specific role
djselbeck	musicdruid	1	Developer
djselbeck	mtpdude	1	Developer
djshorter	fltopt	1	No specific role
djsketch	studioone	1	No specific role
djslim	ssakhi	1	No specific role
djslim	pypeline	1	No specific role
djslim	unmarked	1	No specific role
djslim	mentomatic	1	No specific role
djslim	c-sge	1	No specific role
djslim	clipster	1	No specific role
djslort	usboscope	0	Developer
djslyde	checksuite	1	Developer
djsndr	iotabot	0	No specific role
djsndr	meshpl	1	No specific role
djspiewak	nirvanamail	1	No specific role
djspiewak	nirvana	1	All-Hands Person
djspiewak	fractalencrypt	1	No specific role
djspiewak	javaobjbinding	1	No specific role
djspiewak	job	1	No specific role
djspiewak	panacea	1	No specific role
djspiewak	layoutmanshare	1	No specific role
djspoons	tom7misc	0	Developer
djspray	marlais	0	Developer
djsquat	jca1cadapter	0	Developer
djstates	geneontology	0	No specific role
djstates	obo	0	Developer
djsteak	errare	1	Developer
djstey	wanghairc	1	No specific role
djsucre	cheesetracker	1	No specific role
djsupi	glh	0	No specific role
djt41	colourblind	0	No specific role
djtanica	mycalc	1	No specific role
djthushara	madchatter	1	No specific role
djtrancendance	iprelaycast	1	No specific role
djtrancendance	tdsound	1	Project Manager
dju54	reseau-electriq	1	Developer
djudkovi	openhpi	0	Developer
djulia	openxpki	1	Developer
djulio	xis	1	Project Manager
djung	opensimulator	1	Project Manager
djupvik	strix-cms	1	No specific role
djur	hydroponic	1	No specific role
djura	jopenstore	1	No specific role
djurban	linuxportal	1	No specific role
djurban	kdei18n-pl	1	No specific role
djurig	nmm	0	Developer
djuroszek	openepr	1	No specific role
djursus	vh-crypto000001	1	No specific role
djurx	hydroponic	1	Project Manager
djuxen	appdigest	1	No specific role
djv	phpspm	0	Developer
djvanmaren	e4graph	1	No specific role
djvg	adv-sitesys	0	Tester
djvg	vg-ftp	1	No specific role
djvg	vgnews	1	No specific role
djvicdaquik	gamescrafters	0	Developer
djvinc	memorymani	1	No specific role
djvriend	thinwire	0	Support Technician
djvubucko	djvu	0	Developer
djw	jstress	1	Developer
djw2	fsm	1	No specific role
djw30	dasher	1	Project Manager
djwade	jporta	1	Project Manager
djwade	jeenius	1	Project Manager
djwalker	miniwebsvr	0	Developer
djwallace	textwriter	1	No specific role
djwetherall	placelab	0	Developer
djwglpuppy	harmonycms	1	No specific role
djwhyte	jmythtv	1	All-Hands Person
djwillis	gp32wolf3d	1	Developer
djwillis	scummvm	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
djwillis	open2x	1	Developer
djwilly	zaralinux	0	Graphic/Other Designer
djwilly	sesmixer	1	No specific role
djwizah	stepmania	0	Developer
djykstra	myopenbsd	1	Developer
djyoti	gismap	0	All-Hands Person
djzenitram	phpages	1	No specific role
djzone	squidguard	0	Web Designer
dj_base	admidio	0	Developer
dj_base	dbroute	1	Developer
dj_butler	fundementals	1	No specific role
dj_butler	blaise	1	Project Manager
dj_bytedisaster	dynamic3d	0	Developer
dj_coder	macgpg	0	Developer
dj_coder	phroxy	0	Developer
dj_dark	evolvedirc	1	All-Hands Person
dj_greenbagz	m3ugen	1	No specific role
dj_haruko	depot	1	Project Manager
dj_jhor	esper	0	Developer
dj_jl	korax	1	Developer
dj_jl	vavoom	1	Developer
dj_jl	xwaded	1	No specific role
dj_jonnyk	cubesat	0	No specific role
dj_linux	fsr	1	Project Manager
dj_m	mozpets	0	No specific role
dj_mancus1984	smclone	0	Tester
dj_mary	webmusic	0	No specific role
dj_mulder	gridpain	1	No specific role
dj_segfault	crm114	1	All-Hands Person
dj_segfault	catsrunner	1	No specific role
dj_spikey	virtualyou	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dj_steve	deft-linux	1	No specific role
dj_syntex	phpmyscs	0	Developer
dj_syto	vorton	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dj_syto	basu	1	Graphic/Other Designer
dj_truco	increment	1	No specific role
dj_unforgetable	actionmmo	0	Developer
dj_wizz	wizindent	1	Project Manager
dj_yt	javagear	1	No specific role
dk-angel	bnw	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dk1000	newzboy	1	No specific role
dk1000	csharp-lirc	1	No specific role
dk2it	westpak2	1	No specific role
dk32	udpf	1	No specific role
dk5hr	yaib	1	No specific role
dk5hr	bzgui	1	No specific role
dk5hr	nehabodi	1	No specific role
dk5hr	irc--	1	Developer
dk5hr	qwizz	1	No specific role
dk5sm5luigi	team190	1	All-Hands Person
dk64	jscompressor	1	No specific role
dk7in	xastir	0	Developer
dkabala	opensg	0	Developer
dkabala	vrjuggler	0	Developer
dkabala	vrjtoolbox	1	Project Manager
dkabala	danceproj	1	Developer
dkackman	svgdomcsharp	1	Developer
dkackman	ndoc	1	Developer
dkaefer	openboardsystem	1	No specific role
dkalinin	get-xyz	1	Developer
dkalkin	skb	0	No specific role
dkamakura	sgcm	1	Developer
dkaminski	plomyczek	0	Developer
dkamm	pists	0	Project Manager
dkamm	morejava	0	Developer
dkamm	inetpeering	1	Doc Writer
dkappe1	chesstraining	1	No specific role
dkarg	os-sim	1	All-Hands Person
dkathlon	mdo	0	Tester
dkaufman	clicksql	1	No specific role
dkavlakov	vegastrike	0	Developer
dkavraal	sor-proje	1	Developer
dkavraal	harpies	1	No specific role
dkbuchanan	pmvlinux	1	No specific role
dkbuchanan	skalecms	1	No specific role
dkburk	myforms	0	Tester
dkcm	fasttransforms	1	Project Manager
dkcode	matterofwar	0	Developer
dkcsnake	focalc	1	No specific role
dkdude	wikindx	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dke	javaribcreator	1	No specific role
dkearns	zsh	0	No specific role
dkeats	kewl	1	No specific role
dkeats	nextgen	0	Developer
dkeir	timesheetxoops	1	No specific role
dkeir	zentrackxoops	1	Project Manager
dkeizer	open-admin-fw	0	Developer
dkeller	vexp	0	No specific role
dkellerman2	moonglow	1	No specific role
dkern	joone	0	Developer
dkerstens	woccms	1	No specific role
dkerwin	uliwip	1	No specific role
dkesh	coopy	1	No specific role
dkessler	filecaddy	1	Project Manager
dkessler	pyqplayer	1	No specific role
dketov	xdc-net	1	No specific role
dketov	intserv	1	No specific role
dketov	mmltosvg	1	Developer
dkf	tcl	1	No specific role
dkf	unicore	0	No specific role
dkf	uombroker	1	No specific role
dkf	tiprender	1	No specific role
dkf	tktoolkit	0	No specific role
dkfn	portletbridge	1	No specific role
dkfn	bpmscript	1	No specific role
dkfn	wafer	0	Developer
dkfn	jdiagnose	1	No specific role
dkfn	mapper4j	1	No specific role
dkfn	eclipsetidy	1	No specific role
dkgof	jmencodergui	1	No specific role
dkgunter	py-gma	1	No specific role
dkguru	phpmybuilder	1	Project Manager
dkguru	phpdbcalendar	1	No specific role
dkguru	kix	1	No specific role
dkharrat	ignalum	1	No specific role
dkhaywood	nakedobjects	0	Developer
dkhaywood	nakedrcp	1	Developer
dkhaywood	aspectjworkshop	1	All-Hands Person
dkhaywood	profdog	1	Developer
dkhaywood	sybtools	1	Developer
dkhaywood	essential	1	Developer
dkhaywood	osgibundles	1	Developer
dkhelms	jipe	0	Developer
dkhong	mmm2	0	Developer
dkigelman	vlab	0	Developer
dking1	freecol	0	Developer
dkintzing	biospice	0	Developer
dkionka	jlifelines	1	Developer
dkionka	gdbi	1	Project Manager
dkionka	phpgedview	0	Developer
dkirby	python-mock	1	No specific role
dkiritsis	promise-plm	1	Project Manager
dkirker	magiclantern	1	Developer
dkirker	netcom	1	No specific role
dkirker	wapuniverse	0	Developer
dkirkland	subedit	1	No specific role
dkirsten	i-doit	1	No specific role
dkitchin	orc	1	Developer
dkitscha	ofmtools	1	Developer
dkitscha	bbalc	1	Developer
dkitscha	ftip	1	Developer
dkj	bastion	0	No specific role
dkjwebs	chronosxp	0	Web Designer
dkkeen	max	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
dkkim	icme	0	No specific role
dklainba	mephi-fork	0	Developer
dklamath	unburdenus	1	No specific role
dkleehammer	pypgdb	1	Developer
dkleehammer	pyodbc	1	Developer
dkleehammer	wintypes	1	Developer
dklobasa	itpmr	0	Developer
dklobasa	isportal07	0	Developer
dklofas	easywyg	1	Developer
dklose	temporaldb	1	All-Hands Person
dkmoon	tinyos	0	No specific role
dkmorb	iupiter	0	No specific role
dkmurray	howdtheyvote	0	Developer
dkmuse	footlab	1	No specific role
dkm_s	scrhostplugin	0	Developer
dknaack	wsi	1	No specific role
dknaack	microupclient	1	No specific role
dkndummy	ircivil	1	No specific role
dknight42	evo-thegame	1	Developer
dknight42	ahat	1	No specific role
dknj	dmc	0	Support Manager
dknj	sip	0	Doc Writer
dknobloch	phpbattle	0	Developer
dknof	free-doko	1	Developer
dknuese	srvrcomponent	1	All-Hands Person
dko	zemljanka	1	Developer
dkoch	textindex	1	No specific role
dkocher	vienna-rss	0	Developer
dkocher	cyberduck	1	No specific role
dkodeboy	cogkit	0	Developer
dkodeih	scope	0	Developer
dkoek	sbdefinitions	0	Developer
dkoelling	kimas	0	Developer
dkoffler	nxe	1	No specific role
dkoffler	spamstopper	1	Developer
dkohn	systemspecifyer	1	Project Manager
dkolbly	rscheme	1	No specific role
dkolegayev	simplejda	0	Project Manager
dkolodin	musesnapin	1	No specific role
dkom	netalarm	1	No specific role
dkondr	memnet	1	No specific role
dkondratiuk	domainobjects	0	Developer
dkonnov	rodbcrm	1	No specific role
dkopernicki	ufintruder	0	Developer
dkopylenko	acegisecurity	0	Developer
dkopylenko	springframework	0	Developer
dkorbetis	hop	1	Project Manager
dkorbetis	herc	1	No specific role
dkorolev	kml	0	Developer
dkorunic	hybserv2	1	No specific role
dkoryavov	jedit	0	No specific role
dkosinski	internetdirect	0	Developer
dkp	devim	1	No specific role
dkppro	dkppro	1	No specific role
dkr6	lproject	1	Requirements Engineering
dkr6	qt1l	1	Analysis / Design
dkrajzew	sumo	1	Project Manager
dkrawc	digitalbicycle	1	Project Manager
dkresge	maildb	0	Developer
dkretz	dproofreaders	0	No specific role
dkreuer	phpaig	1	No specific role
dkrieg	jajax	1	No specific role
dkrieger	ppcpodcast	0	Developer
dkrieger	semantikos	0	Developer
dkrleza	jspwidgets	1	No specific role
dkrleza	jfreemail	1	No specific role
dkronst	mustool	1	No specific role
dkronst	pavagello	1	No specific role
dkroon	seqlims	1	No specific role
dkroon	tassel	1	No specific role
dkroon	gdpdm	0	Developer
dkroon	gdpc	0	Developer
dkrukovsky	dotuseful	1	No specific role
dkrukovsky	softwarehowto	1	No specific role
dkruse	mars-sim	0	Developer
dkruse	opentracker-fw	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
dkr_	phpbuns	0	Developer
dkt-sonic	ircsharp	1	Developer
dktagawa	capturetf	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dktaylor	htmlunit	0	Developer
dktrkranz	bewos	0	Developer
dkuebler	ki-chart	1	Developer
dkuebler	vservers	1	No specific role
dkuestler	pleac	0	Developer
dkuhlman	pywx	0	Doc Writer
dkuhlman	generateds	1	No specific role
dkuhlman	docutils	0	Developer
dkulakovsky	eworkoutlog	1	No specific role
dkulakovsky	modsdottext	1	No specific role
dkumar	lkcd	0	Developer
dkuntze	opencmslucene	0	Developer
dkuntze	oxyus	0	Developer
dkurilenko	talenthrms	0	Developer
dkuschel	picoos	1	Developer
dkvu2006	j4fry	0	Developer
dkw	cipe-win32	1	No specific role
dkwakkel	monetdb	0	Developer
dkwasniok	metagenerator	1	No specific role
dkwasniok	piuframework	0	Developer
dkxw	seriouswow	0	Developer
dkyle2003	mastrbsp2003	0	Tester
dkyriakis	freemat	1	Developer
dkzm	colinuxw32add	1	No specific role
dkzm	elitenext	1	No specific role
dkzm	kde-cygwin	0	Developer
dk_aka_black	mtce	1	Developer
dk_alleykat	cmsforme	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dk_alleykat	pctss	1	No specific role
dk_alleykat	phpcollab	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dk_in_c	source	1	Developer
dl1ksv	linpsk	1	No specific role
dl1nc	linkt	1	All-Hands Person
dl1nc	kontakt	1	No specific role
dl1nc	ax25config	1	Project Manager
dl1nc	hams	0	No specific role
dl1nc	hamlib	0	Tester
dl3yfc	kptc	1	No specific role
dl4mge	hfterm	1	No specific role
dl4mge	piano-tuner	1	No specific role
dl4mge	docplan	1	No specific role
dl6lr	mcconfig	1	No specific role
dl748	mexcom	0	Developer
dl748	ubuilder	1	No specific role
dl9sau	unumlauts	1	No specific role
dl9sau	ax25	1	Project Manager
dl9sau	sawoian	0	No specific role
dlaarakkers	docostor	1	No specific role
dlaarakkers	pksarm	1	Support Manager
dlachausse	kalashnikov	1	No specific role
dlachausse	zoso	1	Project Manager
dlacko	gnews	0	No specific role
dlacroix	gtk2-perl	0	Developer
dlacykusters	passwordsafe	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
dladd	callplot	1	No specific role
dlakhtyuk	xmes	1	Developer
dlamb	getimages	1	Developer
dlambert	guile-simplesql	1	No specific role
dlambert	guile-xmms	1	No specific role
dlandi	fastcode	1	Web Designer
dlandi	uopl	0	Developer
dlandis	smodenv	0	Developer
dlandrum	omrl	1	No specific role
dlane	tprs	1	No specific role
dlanham	ece4006grp1	1	No specific role
dlanor_leo	osc	0	No specific role
dlans	fgbook	1	No specific role
dlaporte	packetfence	1	Project Manager
dlargen	ucsi	1	No specific role
dlarralde	ubabase	0	Developer
dlattka	md5trip	1	No specific role
dlaubrey	ctsproject	1	No specific role
dlaur	jfilelister	1	Requirements Engineering
dlaur	mypassman	1	No specific role
dlaur	fixtag	1	Developer
dlaws27502	qci-qat	0	Developer
dlawton	lepus	0	Developer
dlazerka	phpbike	1	No specific role
dlazerka	judgeos	1	Developer
dlbilbey	plauncher	1	No specific role
dlboris	sim6502net	1	No specific role
dlbowm	xerlox	0	Developer
dlbrown	linux-usb	0	No specific role
dlbrown	vim	0	Developer
dlbrown	adump	1	No specific role
dlbzft5vvnoplh	condorcet-dd	1	Project Manager
dlc	botworks	1	All-Hands Person
dlc	apache-tt2	1	Developer
dlc	bashlib	1	No specific role
dlc	tigerlily	1	No specific role
dlc	sqlfairy	1	Developer
dlc	number-format	0	Developer
dlc	sevenroot	1	No specific role
dlc	mp3site	1	Developer
dlc-atl	peachlnx	1	Developer
dlc3007	sundog	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dldave	win-sam	1	No specific role
dldave	open-audit	0	Developer
dle95035	winvnkey	1	Developer
dleary	evlan	1	Developer
dleary	corona	0	Developer
dleary	pymetamod	1	No specific role
dleaves	mepsth	0	Unix Admin
dleborgne	spsf	1	No specific role
dlecorfec	xmms-tfmx	1	No specific role
dlecorfec	xmms-ahx	1	No specific role
dlecorfec	xmms-fxt	1	No specific role
dlecorfec	aros	0	Developer
dledmonds	geotools	0	Developer
dleemans	acpitool	1	No specific role
dleet	avalonweb	1	No specific role
dleet	atomos	1	Project Manager
dleet	mizu-bu	0	Developer
dlee_cn	adsapient	0	No specific role
dleftley	bookmarksync	0	Tester
dlegland	knotwork	1	No specific role
dlegland	geom-java	1	No specific role
dlegland	jlearn	1	No specific role
dlegland	jeuclide	1	No specific role
dlehn	movietime	1	No specific role
dlehn	codecs	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
dlehn	exobrain	1	No specific role
dlehn	gstreamer	0	Developer
dlehn	tvtime	0	Developer
dlehn	vdv	1	No specific role
dlehn	openid	1	No specific role
dlehn	pawpad	1	No specific role
dleidert	cdk	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
dleidert	chemical-mime	1	Project Manager
dleidert	bodr	0	Developer
dleidert	bluefish	0	Developer
dleidert	jmol	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
dleidert	jchempaint	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
dleidert	xmule	0	Support Manager
dleidert	xdrawchem	0	Developer
dleigh	ldap-abook	1	No specific role
dleigh	jreceiver	0	Developer
dleijen	wxhaskell	1	Developer
dleijen	elj	0	Developer
dleijen	htoolkit	0	No specific role
dleijen	ghc	0	Developer
dlellinger	syncoco	1	No specific role
dlellinger	altaxo	1	No specific role
dlema99	metpx	1	Developer
dlemckert	phpcollab-pub	1	Project Manager
dlemex	mmsync-p900	1	No specific role
dlemmermann	svgplugin	1	No specific role
dlenev	cscraft	0	Developer
dleppik	earthview	1	No specific role
dleshem	corewars8086	1	No specific role
dleuck	beanshell	1	Project Manager
dleuck	medusa-cs	0	All-Hands Person
dlevancho	jogre	0	Developer
dlevine99	autotroll	0	Tester
dlevitan	sonyfx	1	No specific role
dlevy	soccertheory	1	No specific role
dlew15	nina-web	1	No specific role
dlewin	aiexp	1	No specific role
dlewis1234	peregrinewms	1	No specific role
dlezcano	lxc	0	No specific role
dlfrenc	shunix	1	No specific role
dlfrenc	opencmdb	1	Project Manager
dlgandalf	wajapi	1	No specific role
dlharmon1121	dallegro	1	No specific role
dlheine	suif	1	Project Manager
dlianda	albumine	1	No specific role
dlianda	colorsnatch	1	No specific role
dlibault	openbt	0	Developer
dliberce	packup	1	No specific role
dlinsin	i-trax	1	No specific role
dlinsky	vecadnet	1	No specific role
dlinstedt	pcpt	1	Project Manager
dlippman	imathas	1	No specific role
dliroulet	hotline-manager	1	No specific role
dliroulet	ocsinventory	1	No specific role
dliroulet	remotectrlctr	1	No specific role
dlissimore	phpfwconfsys	0	Developer
dlister	php-wasabi	1	No specific role
dlister	blastworthy	1	No specific role
dlite	dnotes	1	No specific role
dlittle-gsi	magikcmpnts	0	Developer
dlivingstone	sloodle	1	Developer
dlkellum	theclass-org	0	Developer
dlkerl	iomatrix	0	All-Hands Person
dlkinney	marsh	1	All-Hands Person
dlkinney	echo	0	Developer
dlkiskis	tinyos	0	No specific role
dlkita	lms-src	1	No specific role
dlkita	exuserfolder	0	Developer
dlkj	winmerge	0	Developer
dll	xib	1	No specific role
dllaurence	reflex	1	No specific role
dllexport	fatsec	1	No specific role
dllexport	libdc	1	No specific role
dllh	phpjobtracker	1	No specific role
dllh	brightlight	0	Developer
dllh	gradiant	1	No specific role
dlljunk	sourceforge-lg	1	No specific role
dlm77	facetag	0	Developer
dlmarten	texmacs	1	No specific role
dlmarten	bwmilter	1	No specific role
dlmitchell	jacksoneditor	1	Developer
dlmulvey	evms	0	Developer
dlnsk	moodle	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dload	pfilter	0	Developer
dload	logsurfer	0	Distributor/Promoter
dload	sprm	0	Developer
dlobato	jdeplus	1	No specific role
dlockamy	bella	1	No specific role
dlocke	augustus	1	Developer
dloisele	arnold	0	Developer
dlong	pythianproject	0	No specific role
dlongest	opendocumentphp	0	Developer
dlongley	glam	1	All-Hands Person
dlongley	igis	0	Developer
dloof	pclasses	0	Developer
dlorenc	falcon	0	Developer
dlorimer	openlp	0	Support Manager
dlorimer	konnections	1	No specific role
dlouda	prehravac	1	No specific role
dloudon	likewiseopenagt	1	Developer
dlounsberry	misterhouse	0	Developer
dlovall	stocktools	0	No specific role
dlowless	sguil	0	Developer
dlowther	pgarc	0	Developer
dlozanolu	oracletuner	1	No specific role
dlozanovic	rtk	0	Developer
dlozanovic	freestars	0	No specific role
dlpa	jamwiki	0	Developer
dlqualys	quidscor	0	No specific role
dlr-sumo	sumo	1	Project Manager
dlrminator	g-neric	1	No specific role
dlroberts	instancestore	0	Developer
dlrohm	ndoc	0	Developer
dlrohm	dotnetcrm	0	No specific role
dlrush	jprojectg2	1	No specific role
dlshryock	mazaru	1	Developer
dlsiders	internetdirect	0	Developer
dlsima	griddler	1	Project Manager
dlsimon	mrbayes	0	Developer
dlsmith	javalangtools	1	Project Manager
dlsmith	javalanglevels	1	Developer
dlsmith	drjava	1	Developer
dlsmith	astgen	1	Project Manager
dlsmith	ricejst	1	Project Manager
dlsteuer	allacrost	0	Developer
dlsully	e1000	1	Support Manager
dltaylor	linksysactivity	1	Project Manager
dltd_studio	tricky-mouse	1	No specific role
dlu	drcsharp	1	Project Manager
dlubicz	strs	1	No specific role
dlubinski	nslu	0	Developer
dlucent	icme	0	No specific role
dlucio	lxe	1	No specific role
dludovic	jeteam	1	Project Manager
dluesebrink	d-flow	1	No specific role
dluesebrink	pushlog	1	No specific role
dluhr	arel-2006	1	No specific role
dluick	nethack	1	Developer
dlunday	spycatcher	1	No specific role
dlundy	ampathy	1	No specific role
dlutter	eclipsecolorer	0	Developer
dlux	pimpaq	1	No specific role
dlvogel	sugarcrm	0	Developer
dlwalker	boost	0	Developer
dlwalker	boost-sandbox	0	Developer
dlwh	cxxgui	0	Developer
dlwh	ugrammar	1	No specific role
dlwilson	jlivejournal	1	No specific role
dlworld	enflame	1	Project Manager
dlx0r	dlx0r	1	No specific role
dlynch_to	bbgaming	1	Developer
dlynes	unidba	1	Developer
dl_4711	slideway	0	Developer
dl_ccb	enfree	0	Support Manager
dm-jp	tesis-h4l9k-jp	1	Project Manager
dm-p	lproject	1	Project Manager
dm-p	wx1l	1	Developer
dm-p	qt1l	1	All-Hands Person
dm2112	xxframework	1	No specific role
dm597	rhex	0	Developer
dm827430	projectzero	0	Developer
dm88	qt1l	0	Developer
dm88	lproject	0	Analysis / Design
dma147	php-blog	0	Developer
dma147	appms	1	No specific role
dma147	apboard	1	Project Manager
dma3	ajaxpage	1	No specific role
dmaas	linux1394	0	No specific role
dmabee	customer-touch	1	Project Manager
dmaceachern	perl-qa	1	Developer
dmaceachern	sigar	1	No specific role
dmacedo	srvctrl	1	No specific role
dmacks	fink	1	Project Manager
dmaclaren	web-x	0	No specific role
dmacq	ansi-st-tests	1	No specific role
dmacq	dhbnumerics	1	No specific role
dmacr	gridwiz	1	No specific role
dmacvica	eocene-php	0	Developer
dmacvica	kmp	1	Developer
dmacvica	kangrejo	1	No specific role
dmacvica	kitclient	0	No specific role
dmacvica	kopete	1	Project Manager
dmacvica	kolektion	1	No specific role
dmacvica	koflinux	1	Developer
dmaffitt	dcm4che	0	No specific role
dmag00	j2534-3	1	No specific role
dmag00	j1699-3	1	Developer
dmag00	j1939-84	1	No specific role
dmage32	virtualworkshop	1	No specific role
dmage_ru	flexchat	1	Developer
dmaghrak	openss	1	Project Manager
dmagick	nexxus	1	Project Manager
dmagick	mcode	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dmagick	plonesnmp	1	No specific role
dmagoo	gbpp	0	Developer
dmagrom	cdkpp	1	Developer
dmagrom	gmbtagger	1	Project Manager
dmahurin	jpegsplit	1	No specific role
dmahurin	nfte	1	No specific role
dmahurin	mincrosslinux	1	No specific role
dmahurin	bin2xml	1	No specific role
dmahurin	atari8text	1	No specific role
dmahurin	webknotes	1	No specific role
dmahurin	chos	1	No specific role
dmahurin	perledit	1	No specific role
dmahurin	perllinux	1	No specific role
dmahurin	pfdisk	1	No specific role
dmail00	texas-holdem	1	No specific role
dmaj007	minerva	0	Developer
dmajkic	duh	1	No specific role
dmajumdar	dm1	1	No specific role
dmajumdar	simplejta	1	Developer
dmakalsky	edt	1	No specific role
dmakalsky	etester	1	All-Hands Person
dmakalsky	scoop2eiffel	1	No specific role
dmakalsky	xpa	1	Developer
dmakepeace	kowari	0	No specific role
dmakie	jclubhouse	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
dmakogon	asynchttp	1	All-Hands Person
dmakogon	pyagent	1	All-Hands Person
dmakovec	mov	0	Developer
dmakovey	eduplone	0	No specific role
dmakovey	bazaar	0	No specific role
dmakovey	cpacman	1	No specific role
dmakovey	collective	0	Developer
dmalconian	indigosim	0	Developer
dmalde	victory	0	No specific role
dmalham	thereflector	1	No specific role
dmalick	usbvision	1	Developer
dmallery	gshop	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dmallery	easypos	1	No specific role
dmalling	salient	1	Developer
dmallmann	unicore	1	No specific role
dmalloc	fink	0	Doc Writer
dman34	dotnetpolls	0	Developer
dmanocha	urakawa	0	Developer
dmanocha	amis	0	No specific role
dmanolescu	p2pmud	0	Developer
dmanolescu	micro-workflow	1	No specific role
dmantilla	acdb	1	No specific role
dmantione	freepascal	1	Developer
dmanura	perthon	1	No specific role
dman_lfc	mediaportal	1	Project Manager
dmarcey	valatier	1	Developer
dmarchand	bibliosynthesis	1	No specific role
dmarchant	ajax-simple	0	No specific role
dmarchant	jrequisite	0	Developer
dmarchant	mustardseed	1	All-Hands Person
dmarcher	ntpbrowser	1	No specific role
dmarcher	wabadma	1	No specific role
dmarcher	wabburami	1	No specific role
dmarcosm	dm-gac	1	No specific role
dmarell	cdjlib	1	Developer
dmarian	cbnsignals	1	No specific role
dmarian	cppcback	1	No specific role
dmarion	z88dk	0	No specific role
dmarjos	emanonphp	1	No specific role
dmark468	misterhouse	0	No specific role
dmark468	misterhouse2	1	No specific role
dmarkman	pedagogica	1	No specific role
dmarkman	webkitjava	1	No specific role
dmarney	ihtbot	1	No specific role
dmarney	btonline-btech	0	Developer
dmarquart	flupp	0	Developer
dmarquess	looper	0	Developer
dmarriner	reaverengine	1	No specific role
dmarsh	dotnetunit	1	Project Manager
dmarshall	b3dviewer	1	Developer
dmarthen	popok	0	Developer
dmarti	fuzz	0	No specific role
dmarti	hemp	1	No specific role
dmarti	openbrr	0	Developer
dmartin	mocrypt	1	No specific role
dmartinez	dotnetopensrc	0	Analysis / Design
dmartiniano	virtualba	1	No specific role
dmartinsen	animl	0	Developer
dmartl	ogamespymanager	1	No specific role
dmartz	zedgraph	0	Developer
dmarvin	wssecit	1	No specific role
dmarvin	wss4j	0	No specific role
dmarvin	mod-ws-security	1	No specific role
dmarvin	transmessaging	1	Project Manager
dmarvin	freefluo	1	Project Manager
dmaryakh	u-tools	1	No specific role
dmarzo	tinypersistence	1	No specific role
dmarzo	npox	1	No specific role
dmasarik	qtcl	0	Developer
dmascher	piuframework	1	No specific role
dmassart	sqi-wsdl	1	No specific role
dmassart	limbs	1	Developer
dmassart	minor	1	No specific role
dmaster97	sxrowset	1	No specific role
dmaster97	djplatformhlp	1	No specific role
dmaster97	fxmlrpt	1	No specific role
dmasterson	records	1	Project Manager
dmateos	communi	1	Developer
dmateos	irc4net	1	No specific role
dmateos	sourcestat	1	No specific role
dmatheson	b4browser	1	Developer
dmatthews	pooter	1	No specific role
dmatulis	xmlastro	1	Project Manager
dmaupu	vhdplus	1	Developer
dmaurer	archetypes	0	Developer
dmaurer	zsyncer	0	Developer
dmaust	aim2linux	0	Developer
dmavro	firebird	0	No specific role
dmaxwell	surfraw	0	No specific role
dmayle	hcalc	1	No specific role
dmaziarka	blitzmax-ide	0	Developer
dmazzoni	audacity	1	Project Manager
dmazzoni	rtaudio	0	No specific role
dmazzoni	xaos	0	Developer
dma_81	neapolix	1	No specific role
dma_k	httpgetter	1	No specific role
dmb000006	psisoft	1	All-Hands Person
dmbasso	amadis	0	No specific role
dmbasso	cmdevel	0	Developer
dmbeer	exp-tracker	1	Developer
dmbfm	lechuck	1	No specific role
dmbill	dmdtrials	1	Developer
dmbillob	visualgda	1	Developer
dmblack	s2extensions	0	Developer
dmbrandon	dmdtrials	1	Developer
dmbrandon	bpfat	0	Tester
dmbrown	laf	1	Developer
dmbrown	metafoto	1	No specific role
dmbtech	dmbportal	1	No specific role
dmbtech	txtforum	1	No specific role
dmb_	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
dmc2u	layer3web	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dmcabrera	jweaver	1	No specific role
dmcabrita	biaroza	1	No specific role
dmcabrita	ziproxy	1	Project Manager
dmcabrita	easyshaper	1	No specific role
dmcabrita	caicai	1	No specific role
dmcabrita	tedeinst	1	No specific role
dmcarter	regulus	0	Developer
dmcc	light9	1	Developer
dmccorkell	game-standards	0	No specific role
dmccuaig	simpleconsole	1	No specific role
dmccuaig	easyjavagrphx	1	No specific role
dmccune	ellipt2d	0	Developer
dmcfarlane	terppresent	1	No specific role
dmcfeeters	myforms	1	No specific role
dmcgrath	fat	0	Developer
dmcguinness	inferenceweb	1	Project Manager
dmchan	gamescrafters	0	Developer
dmckami	let	0	Developer
dmckeelarne	esmsdev	0	No specific role
dmcken	sinstradmud	1	All-Hands Person
dmckinney	antiparser	1	No specific role
dmcmanam	jfin	0	Developer
dmcmill	rpg-data-exp	1	No specific role
dmcmorris	aip-enforcer	1	No specific role
dmcmorris	mpss	1	No specific role
dmcmorris	mss	1	No specific role
dmcnaught	armedbear-j	0	Developer
dmcnicol	codev	0	Developer
dmcooke	numpy	0	Developer
dmcqueen	dwcvs	1	No specific role
dmcqueen	bekaffe	0	No specific role
dmcqueen	bjaid	1	No specific role
dmcqueen	ircleech	0	Developer
dmcqueen	phphrusa	1	No specific role
dmctek	scrobblator	1	No specific role
dmd293	bridgetools	0	Developer
dmdaniell	uncbats	0	Developer
dmdanmullin	bpfat	1	Developer
dmdanmullin	dmdtrials	1	Developer
dmdavid	dmdtrials	1	Project Manager
dmdavid	bpfat	0	Tester
dmddesigner	ibis	0	Developer
dmdjames	bpfat	1	Developer
dmdjames	dmdtrials	1	Developer
dmdmitry	dbg2	1	No specific role
dmdmitry	nusoap	0	Developer
dmdpaul	dmdtrials	1	Developer
dmdpaul	bpfat	0	Tester
dmdx86	dmdaim	1	Project Manager
dmedeiros	gtile	1	Project Manager
dmeeking	collective	0	Developer
dmeffert	inger	0	Developer
dmegginson	jsbsim	0	Developer
dmegginson	sax	1	No specific role
dmegginson	rdf-filter	1	No specific role
dmegginson	newsml-toolkit	1	No specific role
dmegginson	xml-writer	1	No specific role
dmehra	flamebox	1	Project Manager
dmehrtash	jeap	1	No specific role
dmeik	mum	1	No specific role
dmeiz	rescueroadways	0	Project Manager
dmel	backalaika	0	Developer
dmel	lamyle	0	Developer
dmelgar-oss	uddi4j	0	No specific role
dmelpi	omxil	1	No specific role
dmem	lug-bg	0	Developer
dmend	netjuketivo	0	Developer
dmendez2	gasteroids	0	No specific role
dmendler	paperdog	1	Developer
dmendler	webrcp	1	Project Manager
dmenges	dependometer	1	No specific role
dmenta	bugtracker-two	1	All-Hands Person
dmental	zorta	0	No specific role
dmenzies	csgallerytool	1	Developer
dmep	dstools	0	Developer
dmeranda	myghty	0	Developer
dmercer	py-sysadmin	1	Distributor/Promoter
dmercer	lhinv	1	No specific role
dmerlimorais	freemrp	0	Developer
dmeron	astl	0	No specific role
dmerrill	lampadas	1	No specific role
dmerrill	linuxdoc	1	Project Manager
dmerrill	scrollserver	1	Project Manager
dmery	opl-dev	1	Project Manager
dmessina	articulate	1	No specific role
dmezentsev	kagiru	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dmezher	ppat	1	Project Manager
dmf	motiftools	0	Developer
dmfrey	need2talk	1	Project Manager
dmg	panotools	0	Developer
dmg	compjugador	1	No specific role
dmg	sourcechange	1	No specific role
dmg	hugin	0	Developer
dmgarner	gnukeyring	0	No specific role
dmgarske	at90usb-zd1211	1	Project Manager
dmgass	config-py	1	No specific role
dmgass	cfgparse	1	No specific role
dmgass	testgen	1	No specific role
dmgood11	gmod	0	Developer
dmgt	biloba	1	No specific role
dmh2000	cpp-concurrent	1	No specific role
dmh2000	nmeap	1	Project Manager
dmharris	wfg	1	No specific role
dmharrison	utstorm	1	No specific role
dmharvey	fastlibnt	1	No specific role
dmhubbar	commsvcfw	1	Project Manager
dmi3j	eyekeeper	1	No specific role
dmiceman	galng	1	No specific role
dmiceman	mixp	1	All-Hands Person
dmichelsen	devicetool	1	All-Hands Person
dmichelsen	hbaapi	0	No specific role
dmichelsen	ldapperlbackend	1	Project Manager
dmichelsen	vcsagents	1	Project Manager
dmichelsen	setoolkit	1	All-Hands Person
dmicol	ilc	1	Developer
dmicol	nev2lkit	1	No specific role
dmierzej	xmp	1	Developer
dmiessler	proxicus	1	No specific role
dmiip	frazaa	1	Developer
dmikurube	openpc2	0	No specific role
dmikurube	passoc	1	No specific role
dmiles	opencyc	0	Developer
dmiles	pack	1	Developer
dmiles	doom3sdk	1	Project Manager
dmiles	logicmoo	1	Project Manager
dmiles	jamud	0	No specific role
dmilic	jampp	1	No specific role
dmilleratkipr	gbaxport	0	Developer
dmillette	zd1211	0	Tester
dmilling	acpmodem	1	No specific role
dmilling	ti-83	0	No specific role
dmilone	alifecontest	1	Developer
dmilstein	packer	1	No specific role
dmilstein	klep	1	All-Hands Person
dmimms	avantfax	1	No specific role
dmin	saeed	1	No specific role
dminator	ge2	1	No specific role
dminer84	oreo	0	No specific role
dminer84	niggle	0	No specific role
dmingo	shalma	1	Project Manager
dmingo	endea	1	Project Manager
dmingo	doclet	1	No specific role
dmink	phphamily	1	Unix Admin
dmis	projectbeehive	1	Developer
dmiser	delphivnc	1	No specific role
dmiser	want	0	Developer
dmiser	midess	1	Developer
dmisheewk	ebookcollector	0	Developer
dmisheewk	antmode	1	No specific role
dmissud	bitweaver	0	No specific role
dmitrek	clicksaver	0	Developer
dmitrey15	openopt	1	No specific role
dmitri	linux-usb	0	No specific role
dmitri-arekhta	attansicl1osx	1	No specific role
dmitri-arekhta	cpuinformer	1	No specific role
dmitri-arekhta	realtekr1000	1	No specific role
dmitribel	os-sim	0	Developer
dmitrievsky	falcsystem	1	No specific role
dmitriid	orcas	1	No specific role
dmitriii	openss7stack	1	No specific role
dmitrii_t	inchi	0	No specific role
dmitrik	gatos	0	Developer
dmitrik	brother-mfc	1	No specific role
dmitriyf	htmlpath	1	No specific role
dmitriypopov	mysqlconsole	1	No specific role
dmitriypopov	smallcmf	1	Developer
dmitriy_lv	expad	1	All-Hands Person
dmitri_pavlov	aviarycms	1	No specific role
dmitry	gktmp-to-osp	0	Developer
dmitry	rams	0	Developer
dmitry	osp-toolkit	0	Developer
dmitry-s	ooop	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dmitry-s	extos	1	Project Manager
dmitry-t	findstr	1	No specific role
dmitry67	sro2	0	Developer
dmitryazh	econnector	1	Developer
dmitrygusev	cogkit	0	Developer
dmitryk1	oscillograph	1	No specific role
dmitryluhtionov	farsh	0	Developer
dmitryodin	curl-email	0	Developer
dmitryr	save-oe	0	Developer
dmitrys99	xds-gtk2	1	No specific role
dmitryserkey	maxdbprovider	1	Developer
dmitryubc	olduvai	0	No specific role
dmitryzh	jcq2k	0	All-Hands Person
dmitry_didenkov	contentix	0	No specific role
dmitry_koval	gcm	0	Developer
dmitry_koval	fscconv	1	No specific role
dmitry_kulik	i2cprog	1	No specific role
dmitry_legranes	legranes	0	Unix Admin
dmitry_mironov	tcl-qt	1	No specific role
dmitry_mironov	rrmobile	1	No specific role
dmitry_sadakov	lan-crawler	1	No specific role
dmitry_yus	linux-iscsi	1	Developer
dmitry_zernov	afw-jack	1	No specific role
dmitte	asmplugin	1	Developer
dmitton	diameter	0	Developer
dmiyoshi	sandiaportals	0	Developer
dmi_a	openqnx	1	All-Hands Person
dmj30	cml	0	No specific role
dmjc	wcuniverse	1	Developer
dmjc	gkbuild	1	No specific role
dmjc	vegastrike	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dmka	rs4jwa	1	No specific role
dmkaplan	sixpack	0	Developer
dmkoelle	jfugue	1	No specific role
dmktv	gameengine	1	Project Manager
dmkuz	hitkeeper	0	Developer
dmlee	nola	1	Support Manager
dmlek	gepoint	1	No specific role
dmliu99999	hashman-incourt	1	No specific role
dmlloyd	cc8	1	Developer
dmlloyd	openaaa	1	No specific role
dmlloyd	xdoclet	0	Developer
dmlomartire	infiniband	1	Project Manager
dmly	doctors	1	No specific role
dml_workshop	d-m-l	1	No specific role
dml_workshop	c2c	1	No specific role
dmmcintyr	rosegarden	0	Developer
dmmcintyr	qsfxload	1	No specific role
dmmiller2k	mozsafe	0	Developer
dmmorris	iseries-toolkit	1	No specific role
dmmorris	basicportal	0	No specific role
dmncllr	poggpl	1	No specific role
dmncllr	elbeem	1	No specific role
dmncllr	dotgl	1	No specific role
dmneoblade	dmneo-php	1	No specific role
dmneoblade	basif	1	No specific role
dmneoblade	amvcodec	1	No specific role
dmneoblade	treasuregen	1	No specific role
dmnichols	guat	1	Project Manager
dmn_lt	inzinieriai2	0	No specific role
dmoebius	jedit	0	Developer
dmoebius	iceme	1	Project Manager
dmoebius	thing	1	Project Manager
dmoise	rcfaces	1	No specific role
dmolavi	gallery	0	Developer
dmolavi	gallery-contrib	0	Developer
dmolavi	nukedgallery	1	Project Manager
dmolieri	circapi	1	Developer
dmolina	pyclashie	0	Developer
dmolinac	lportal	0	Developer
dmoniz	haskell-libs	0	No specific role
dmoniz	openciphers	1	Developer
dmoniz	e-lang	0	No specific role
dmoniz	bugreport	0	Doc Writer
dmoniz	beepcore-ruby	1	No specific role
dmonroy	todoaki	0	Developer
dmonster	innux	0	Developer
dmont	openss	1	Project Manager
dmontfoort	plflow	0	Developer
dmontgomery	xlibvcl	0	Developer
dmoonfire	ceguisharp	0	Developer
dmoonfire	cs-sdl	0	Developer
dmoore	libiptcdata	1	No specific role
dmoore	libdc1394	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
dmoore	auc	1	No specific role
dmoore330	onboardc	0	Developer
dmoran-pentaho	pentaho	1	All-Hands Person
dmoreitz	geocarsplus	1	No specific role
dmoreitz	geolearn	1	No specific role
dmorgan	phpmypal	1	Developer
dmorozovsky	nfa	1	No specific role
dmorozovsky	ehnta	1	No specific role
dmorozovsky	arpdig	1	No specific role
dmortizr	d2vreports	1	Developer
dmorton	jgen	0	Developer
dmos	hailmary	0	Developer
dmoulton	nukebookmarks	1	No specific role
dmourati	abclinux	1	Project Manager
dmouse76	motionbased	1	Developer
dmouse76	garmingps	1	No specific role
dmpanda	osswin	0	Web Designer
dmpesa	uoe	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dmpotter	rpgmapper	1	Developer
dmprice	exff	1	No specific role
dmprice	dexlib	0	Developer
dmprice	stepmod	0	Developer
dmpryor	etherboot	0	Developer
dmrlsn	sin	1	No specific role
dmrpsm	puttysm	1	No specific role
dmrrsn	finkcommander	0	Developer
dmrrsn	fink	1	Project Manager
dmrub	smartrt	1	Developer
dmrz	motifmaster	1	No specific role
dms	blootbot	0	Developer
dmsantam	gradix	1	No specific role
dmsantam	monoirc	1	No specific role
dmsantam	linuxgym	1	Developer
dmsb	esys	1	No specific role
dmshaw	pks	0	No specific role
dmswany	loci	0	Developer
dmtl_dev	dmtl	1	No specific role
dmtm	tmproc	0	No specific role
dmtmax	finman	1	No specific role
dmukhin	jeasy-do	1	Developer
dmulligan	xbgm	0	Developer
dmun	my-dexter	1	No specific role
dmunro	ytk	0	Developer
dmurga	grok	0	No specific role
dmuringer	scfm	1	No specific role
dmuringer	ion-cms	0	Developer
dmurtha	zencms	0	Developer
dmusashi	lnkey	1	No specific role
dmusicant	lightmail	1	No specific role
dmusicant	jws-plugin-auth	1	No specific role
dmusser	histolink	0	Developer
dmusser	ferret	1	Developer
dmut	blockpost	1	No specific role
dmuturi	hotelmis	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dmvo	pygx	1	Doc Writer
dmw	phproxy-web	1	No specific role
dmw	linux-sh	1	No specific role
dmwright	joeq	0	Developer
dmwsci	teem	0	No specific role
dmxl	dlvkgui	0	Developer
dmxo	iguanabts	0	Developer
dmxo	icommerce	1	No specific role
dmych	eemacs	1	No specific role
dmych	bedic	0	Content Management
dmych	sdiqt	1	No specific role
dmych	zpymoney	1	No specific role
dmyshkin	flarelang	1	No specific role
dmystikald	eznewsmanager	1	Developer
dmytro	tikiwiki	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dmytro	utrans	0	No specific role
dmytro	ispell-uk	1	Project Manager
dmytro_bogovych	iocpclasses	1	No specific role
dmz	instapot	1	No specific role
dmz	instafw	1	No specific role
dmz	dmzs-nocat	1	No specific role
dmz	dmzs-carte	1	Project Manager
dmz	biatchux	1	No specific role
dmzimmerman	jempeg	1	Developer
dmzimmerman	jmlspecs	0	Developer
dmzimmerman	freenetmail	0	Developer
dmzimmerman	multijava	0	Developer
dmzwiers	xdo	1	Project Manager
dmzwiers	geotools	1	Developer
dmzwiers	geoserver	0	Developer
dm_-_	simplemail	0	Developer
dm_dad	pet-project	1	No specific role
dn2k	sessionara	1	No specific role
dn4cer	skore	0	Developer
dn54	voyages	1	No specific role
dn7	lispython	1	No specific role
dn7	spherescripter	1	No specific role
dn7	sphere	0	Developer
dnaas	coinbeast	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dnabag	gadventure	0	Doc Writer
dnabag	gcm	0	Doc Writer
dnabag	gadvent	0	Doc Writer
dnaber	synonimy	0	Developer
dnaber	openthesaurus	1	Project Manager
dnaber	lucene	1	All-Hands Person
dnaber	languagetool	1	No specific role
dnablk	nghost	0	No specific role
dnachris	wc3tourney	0	Developer
dnadave	mcmc-jags	0	Developer
dnadave	superpomp	1	No specific role
dnadave	r-genetics	0	Developer
dnagar	moblets	0	Developer
dnair	uced	0	Developer
dnanev	console-seti	1	Project Manager
dnanian	slimp3	0	Developer
dnapper	phonedb	1	No specific role
dnarizhnyh	service11	1	Project Manager
dnatabar	rat10	0	Developer
dnathief	gpokies	1	No specific role
dnavarro	helmut	1	No specific role
dnavarro	polly	1	No specific role
dnavarro	autoblogger	1	No specific role
dnaworks	weddingtools	1	No specific role
dnaworks	unvite	1	No specific role
dnay	arkon	0	No specific role
dncastilho	ganttproject	0	Developer
dncastilho	pigeonim	1	Developer
dndadush	ciel-travel	1	No specific role
dndgbr	df-server-check	1	Project Manager
dndsource	dndsource	1	No specific role
dnd_remake	dndremake	1	No specific role
dnear1	freelog	1	No specific role
dnear1	pgmfi	0	Developer
dneckels	esmf	0	Developer
dneculai	cromelinux	1	No specific role
dnedrow	dia-grams	1	No specific role
dnedrow	glibc-darwin	1	No specific role
dnedrow	iterm	1	Developer
dnedrow	fwcxml	1	No specific role
dnedrow	sgmltools-lite	1	Developer
dnegaard	atatk	1	No specific role
dnegri	rpl-nna	1	No specific role
dnegri	jhdc	1	Developer
dneighbors	gnue	1	No specific role
dneighbors	dcl	1	Project Manager
dneizer	event-tracker	0	Developer
dnelson444	ofdx	1	No specific role
dnelsonfl	c128-bbs-devel	0	Developer
dnene	antxmltasks	1	No specific role
dnesi	x-selic	1	No specific role
dnesteruk	mt4wrap	1	No specific role
dnetzer	projas	1	No specific role
dneuber	gtexedit	1	No specific role
dneuber	alan	1	Project Manager
dneufeld	biogeomancer	1	Developer
dneufeld	mapstedi	1	No specific role
dneumann77	wonder	0	No specific role
dnevera	chartlive	0	Developer
dnew	beepcore-tcl	1	No specific role
dnew	beepcore-c	0	Developer
dnew	lome	1	No specific role
dnewberry	jdriver	1	Developer
dnewberry	melya	1	Project Manager
dnewfield	mailman	0	Developer
dnewhall	esl	1	No specific role
dnewman3131	jsp-pim	0	Developer
dnewton	gnome-mp3	0	Developer
dney	ruby-xlib-wrap	1	No specific role
dnezic	lusca	0	No specific role
dnfeitosa	webdoc	1	No specific role
dnfeitosa	php-glade	1	No specific role
dnfeitosa	gladexsl	1	No specific role
dnfeitosa	joinstores	1	No specific role
dnfnva	bib-processcard	1	No specific role
dngray	gema	1	Project Manager
dnguk	mephi-fork	0	No specific role
dnguyen	ketl	1	Requirements Engineering
dnguyen999	platformx	1	Web Designer
dnickel	catgen	0	No specific role
dnielben	jatisat	1	No specific role
dnielsen	paypal	1	No specific role
dnieman	convergegame	0	Developer
dnieman	metabolic1491	0	Developer
dnieto	m68kvrs	1	Developer
dnigrin	ensoniqfs	0	Developer
dnigrin	ensonitron	1	Developer
dnigrin	jackosx	1	Project Manager
dniklas	opencamp	1	Developer
dnikolayv	nsuml	0	Developer
dnil	freelords	0	Developer
dnimeh	datadraw	0	Developer
dnisbet2	dn-cam	1	No specific role
dnjansen	tcmtool	0	Developer
dnjuguna	sisima	1	No specific role
dnk-sf	tut-framework	1	Developer
dnk-sf	quickmock	1	No specific role
dnl	systeminstaller	1	Project Manager
dnl	systemimager	0	Developer
dnl	oscar	0	Developer
dnl	pfilter	0	Developer
dnlam	tablaunch	1	No specific role
dnlazo	poormansfilter	1	No specific role
dnlazo	droolsdre	1	No specific role
dnlazo	graf	1	No specific role
dnlazo	genericmetadata	1	No specific role
dnlbazac	drmsecureim	1	Developer
dnmbrowse	dnmbrowse	1	Project Manager
dnmeid	koha	0	Developer
dnnrly	yfittu	1	Project Manager
dnnrly	heavyarmour	1	Project Manager
dnnrly	asyncnn	1	No specific role
dnnrly	ai-world	1	No specific role
dnoble	diesel	1	No specific role
dnogues	ngrid	0	Developer
dnolvrb	stepfibs	1	No specific role
dnolvrb	fibscompanion	1	No specific role
dnolvrb	fakefibs	1	No specific role
dnolvrb	tourneybot2	1	Developer
dnomaid	php-ni	1	No specific role
dnordahl	hsqldb	0	No specific role
dnordenberg	sfdbase	1	Project Manager
dnordenberg	aphpps	1	All-Hands Person
dnordenberg	ttg	1	No specific role
dnordwall	korinoco	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
dnorman	pachyderm	0	Developer
dnorman	reqtracker	0	Developer
dnorman	apollo-project	1	Project Manager
dnorman	woxmlsupport	1	No specific role
dnorwood2	misterhouse	0	Developer
dnote	xmlcomp	1	No specific role
dnovatchev	fxsl	1	Project Manager
dnovikoff	alchemy-art	1	No specific role
dnoyeb	jhotdraw	0	Developer
dnoyeb2002	cmsforme	1	Project Manager
dnp	web-check	0	Developer
dnp607	qat	0	Developer
dnpetrov	unicore	0	Developer
dnpetrov	gpe4gtk	1	Developer
dns25	mcnet4l	1	All-Hands Person
dnsbrnrd	wsinetd	1	No specific role
dnsfromru	amcod	1	No specific role
dntc_zdx	bifrost	1	Developer
dntc_zdx	codemon	0	No specific role
dntucker	terppresent	0	Developer
dntxos	sgp	1	No specific role
dntxos	avaele	1	No specific role
dnuman	sofa	1	Project Manager
dnutter	mote	0	Doc Writer
dnvanil	node-insecure	0	Developer
dnwilliams	cdat	1	Project Manager
dnx	supa-site	1	Developer
dnyaneshatsf	ykran	1	No specific role
dnylander	qbittorrent	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dnz2005	asterisk-dotnet	1	No specific role
do-wah-ditty	vrml-manipulato	1	No specific role
do0d	mutewastehybrid	0	Developer
do0d	echovnc	0	No specific role
do1fdk	scontrol	1	Developer
do1yao	contestmanager	1	No specific role
do2ksm	kpsk	0	Developer
do2ksm	linkt	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
doaguiar	knowledgefx	1	No specific role
doballve	jabsi	0	No specific role
doballve	jbpm	0	All-Hands Person
doballve	ebxmlcc	1	No specific role
doballve	ebxmlrr	1	Developer
dobber	hname	1	No specific role
dobber519	pfi	1	Developer
dobbinspa	pc2	1	No specific role
dobbz	openpcr	1	No specific role
dobedo	dobedo-sqlite	1	No specific role
doberlec	doberlec	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dobersch	phpmyfinances	1	No specific role
dobersch	phpmyactions	1	No specific role
dobesv	aseclipseplugin	0	Developer
dobesv	gameslave	1	No specific role
dobey	emphetamine	1	No specific role
dobey	encompass	1	No specific role
dobey	empulse	1	Project Manager
dobey	elysium-project	1	No specific role
dobey	lymric	0	Tester
dobey	themanaworld	0	Tester
dobey	beef	1	No specific role
dobey	senility	1	No specific role
dobey	semblance	0	Developer
dobey	musicbox	0	No specific role
dobey	xmps	1	No specific role
dobey	gnupdate	0	Developer
dobey	gimli	1	No specific role
dobey	ggz	0	Developer
dobey	gxmlviewer	1	Developer
dobey	gstreamer	0	Developer
dobidik	gnu-tr	0	Developer
dobidik	sylpheeddoc	0	Developer
dobidik	tuxpaint	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dobrekone	alco2	1	No specific role
dobretsb	k3dcad	1	Project Manager
dobrien	amav	1	No specific role
dobrien75	jedit	0	Developer
dobrikov	pranka	1	Editorial/Content Writer
dobritsky	objjavaacc	1	No specific role
dobrosi	winmobgps	1	No specific role
dobsong	digs	1	Developer
dobunzli	elexis	0	Developer
dobunzli	medclipse	1	Developer
doc-twn	wickedquake	0	Unix Admin
doc-twn	gpanel	1	Developer
doc1972	dangerdeep	0	Developer
doc8462	phpawn	1	No specific role
docampbell	openrm-jaxws	1	No specific role
docb	hylafax	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
docbaldie	phylogene	0	Developer
docbill	djvu	1	Developer
docbill	colinux	0	Developer
docbill	javadjvu	1	Project Manager
docbodkins01	linscape	1	No specific role
docbodkins01	gtdl	1	No specific role
docbullfrog	infostore	1	No specific role
docbullfrog	freeproject	1	All-Hands Person
doccarcass	erlyaws	0	Developer
docdev	lgol	1	No specific role
docdiesel	ddpm	1	No specific role
docdocdoc9	cacawet	0	Developer
docecu	pgmfi	0	Developer
docekal	bitweaver	0	No specific role
docekal	tikipro	0	Developer
docekal	tikiwiki	0	Developer
docelic	linuxbsm2	1	Developer
docelic	hcoop	1	No specific role
docelic	qref	0	Developer
docelmo	vs-xqueue	1	No specific role
docelmo	phpagi	0	Developer
docentc	mlgame	1	Developer
docento	nanny	1	Developer
docfx	x-rally	1	Project Manager
docfx	flip	1	Project Manager
docgravel	scec-vdo	1	No specific role
docgravel	elowel	0	Developer
dochadi	floranta	0	No specific role
docherty	wac-kompressor	1	No specific role
docherty	wawawiki	1	No specific role
dochogan	real-events-cal	1	No specific role
doci	delphioci	0	Developer
doci	doci	1	No specific role
docjeremy	gsquery	1	No specific role
docker	xnote	1	No specific role
dockerysean	dante	1	No specific role
docker_project	docker	1	Project Manager
dockimbel	r-sharp	1	No specific role
docknow	docknow	1	No specific role
dockurt2k	gtlregex	1	Developer
dockurt2k	chat4lann	1	No specific role
docmanager_suv	softusvista	0	No specific role
docmattman	totalindex	1	No specific role
docmattman	totaleditor	1	No specific role
docouto	wf-twister	0	Developer
docpariolo	pso-linux	1	No specific role
docpiper	divepix	1	No specific role
docproc	atlantiz	1	No specific role
docrandom	ticenter	0	Developer
docroy	sitebox	1	No specific role
docrst	geeksportal	1	Project Manager
docryan	ispworks	0	No specific role
docryan	cmsworks	1	Developer
docsolo	flixx	1	No specific role
docsonic	mkcdrec	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
docstrange	sprengmeister	1	No specific role
doctoralone	phpbbturkiye	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
doctorchd	bugzilla-ru	0	Developer
doctorchd	bugzilla-rus	1	No specific role
doctord	nucleus	0	No specific role
doctordoom_sf	mp4maker	1	No specific role
doctoreternal	kaiopera	1	No specific role
doctoreternal	jmusic	0	Developer
doctorfeo	war3d	0	Doc Writer
doctorfox	metajour	1	No specific role
doctorgonzo	wavemesh	1	No specific role
doctorinvitro	aien	0	Developer
doctorkaje	apocalypse	0	Developer
doctorleff	amina	1	Project Manager
doctorleff	xmlrules	1	No specific role
doctorleff	clickthrough	1	No specific role
doctorluz	rdv-framework	1	Developer
doctormo	inkscape	0	Developer
doctormo	gutenprint	0	No specific role
doctormo	gimp-print	0	No specific role
doctormo	dohickey	1	No specific role
doctormo	pcwe	1	No specific role
doctormo	aurorab	1	Developer
doctorno	dosview	1	No specific role
doctoro	mlipod	0	Developer
doctorosb	xmlmbeans	1	No specific role
doctorpangloss	stream360	1	No specific role
doctorserone	wikidoc	1	No specific role
doctorserone	gtkyum	1	No specific role
doctorslicer	colors	1	No specific role
doctorsnuggles	estlogger	0	Developer
doctortarr	strat-com	1	No specific role
doctortarr	b5lbh	1	Project Manager
doctortracker	ds-router	1	Developer
doctoru	phpcontentware	0	Developer
doctorunix	mbxuncorrupter	1	No specific role
doctorvince	pa-card-games	1	Project Manager
doctorwebbox	evette	1	No specific role
doctorwebbox	sheltermanager	0	Analysis / Design
doctorzed	w4f3r	1	No specific role
doctorzed	webafs	1	No specific role
doctor_crobe	jbad	1	Developer
doctor_spangle	darkdistricts	1	All-Hands Person
doctor_tek	cameloid	1	No specific role
doctrine	sensei	0	Developer
doctrine	phpdoctrine	1	No specific role
docuk	delusive	1	Project Manager
documan	documan	1	No specific role
documan	poedit	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
documan	scico	1	No specific role
documan	mysolidpoint	1	No specific role
documan	keepass	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
documan	lipsum	1	No specific role
documan	tortoisecvs	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
documenter1180	cass	1	No specific role
documentsystems	pclonscreen	1	No specific role
documentsystems	openpcl	1	No specific role
documentum	portlet-opensrc	1	Editorial/Content Writer
docutilsupdate	docutils	0	No specific role
docv	op-torch	1	Support Manager
docvvf	biferno	1	No specific role
docwatson	cl-fmod	1	No specific role
docwebhead	geoss	0	Developer
docwebhead	va-genex	0	Developer
docyrus	docyrus	1	Project Manager
doczoid	massembly	1	Developer
doc_alton	donkeynanny	0	Developer
doc_alton	sdljava	0	Developer
doc_awesome	industrytycoon	1	Editorial/Content Writer
doc_dr_opia	cinter	0	Developer
doc_fia	rockserv	0	No specific role
doc_fia	gtz	1	Project Manager
doc_fr	javaplayer	0	Developer
doc_gloumy	lp-manager	0	Developer
doc_jones	freesql	0	Developer
doc_linux	maxlinux	0	Doc Writer
doc_martin	commnetplus	1	No specific role
doc_snyder	tmapi-utils	0	Developer
doc_snyder	tinytim	0	Developer
doc_wagon	exfinity	1	No specific role
doc_wagon	gemrb	0	Developer
doda	rakibolana	0	No specific role
dodden	phpapachecfg	1	Project Manager
doddjames	doco	1	No specific role
dodekam	dkcms	1	No specific role
dodge2	psidetektyw	0	No specific role
dodger-guglhupf	platypus	1	Project Manager
dodgerknight	wheelmail	1	No specific role
dodgerknight	javasettlers	1	No specific role
dodgerknight	jgallery	1	No specific role
dodger_web	caratk	1	Developer
dodger_web	morexo	1	Project Manager
dodgyboz	dynaphp	0	Developer
dodgyville	vidag	1	No specific role
dodgyville	tunar	1	No specific role
dodgyville	gallipoli	1	No specific role
dodgyville	subtex	1	No specific role
dodiak	oo-sk	0	Developer
dodiesis	pot-album	1	No specific role
dodiesis	mdeskbar	1	No specific role
dodine	argonaute	0	Developer
dodiyit	yabbitse20	1	No specific role
dodododo	hannibal	0	Developer
dodomj23	hmcenter	0	Developer
dodonoghue	mcode	1	All-Hands Person
dodothegreat	hmcenter	0	Developer
dodsongr	wtiq	0	Developer
dodsongr	beigetower	0	Developer
dodtim	freddy	0	Developer
dodywijaya	popok	1	No specific role
doedel	auto2000	1	Project Manager
doehlman	xoskel	1	No specific role
doehlman	jsaf	1	No specific role
doehmer	sipf	0	Developer
doelie	pd-gem	0	Developer
doelie	pure-data	0	Developer
doelkers	chruid	1	Project Manager
doelle	linux-hotplug	0	Developer
doelman	worklock	1	Developer
doenle	workbase	0	Developer
doerfler	ltilib	1	Developer
doergn	observation	1	Project Manager
doering	digir	1	Developer
doerntge	free-doko	0	Developer
doerofthings	phprocure	1	Project Manager
doerr	fleximon	0	Developer
doerschlag	aristoteles3d	1	Project Manager
doertel	opsi	1	Project Manager
doertel	jfoldersync	1	No specific role
doerwalter	python	0	Developer
doeswalk	imagen	1	Developer
doeweling	dilps	1	Project Manager
doffen	hrdag-analyzer	1	No specific role
doffen	martusamplifier	1	Project Manager
doffen	martus	1	Project Manager
dofo	openkite	0	Developer
dog	outo	0	No specific role
dog	j2k	0	All-Hands Person
dog	ip4dos	1	No specific role
dog	dog	1	All-Hands Person
dog	rupicapra	1	Project Manager
dog	fdpm	1	Project Manager
dog4	ssframework	1	All-Hands Person
dogansmoobs	killeroids	1	No specific role
dogantalat	fibs-open	1	No specific role
dogas	lightsout	0	Developer
dogbody	db-import-x	1	Developer
dogboy66	delphimud	1	Project Manager
dogboy66	jedi-isoax	0	No specific role
dogbrain	shootout	1	No specific role
dogcane	sharppdf	1	No specific role
dogcat	matrixpetstore	0	Developer
dogerman	freeserver	0	Developer
dogfathergames	cendor	1	No specific role
dogfishswimmer	swimstats	1	No specific role
doggan	ecookbook	1	No specific role
doggermoore	garme	1	No specific role
doggermoore	avos	1	Developer
doggeti	frontphp	0	Developer
doggge	p264decoder	1	Developer
doggpound	ou-cs442-542	0	Developer
doggsoftware	rpro	1	No specific role
dogiboy	qsong	0	Developer
doglinux	doglinux	1	No specific role
dogmata	murpg	0	Analysis / Design
dogo1984	jtalker-system	0	Developer
dogoil	flashoff	1	No specific role
dogoil	vxtools	1	No specific role
dogprez	pyzam	1	No specific role
dogriffiths	ourmap	1	No specific role
dogsbark	noozyx	1	No specific role
dogsbark	nsequencer	1	No specific role
dogsbark	noozxoidelabs	1	No specific role
dogsbark	juicextraktor	1	No specific role
dogsbark	chaostation	1	No specific role
dogsbark	evacx	1	No specific role
dogskywalker	puthoncollideex	1	No specific role
dogteromv	churchinfo	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dogwynn	glinter	1	Developer
doham	hilma	1	No specific role
dohcvtec	pgmfi	0	Developer
dohkoos	carvingdbg	0	Developer
dohouk	cos360	1	No specific role
dohouk	symdebug	0	Developer
dohpaz	macroquest	0	Developer
dohpaz	seq	1	Project Manager
dohse	abirom	0	Editorial/Content Writer
dohsky	birmail	1	Developer
doi	qcijutils	0	Developer
doibuon	binhgiang	1	No specific role
doichi	ionicfusion	0	No specific role
doichy	phpvcs	0	Developer
doichy	pocolap	1	Project Manager
doisk	xpm	1	Developer
doitux	pokerth	1	Project Manager
doitux	quideorec	1	No specific role
doitux	qupil	1	No specific role
doj	sysexxer	0	No specific role
doj	hardsid	0	No specific role
dojanssen	metachart	1	Project Manager
dojanssen	ssra	1	No specific role
dojomortal	bbproject	1	All-Hands Person
dok2	hebdokuwiki	1	Developer
dok666	qt-directfb	0	No specific role
dok666	uhapi4linux	0	Developer
dok666	mesa3d	0	Developer
dok666	clanbomber	1	Developer
dokai	zmapserver	0	Developer
dokasoft	gerenteacionar	1	No specific role
doki	yourjab	1	No specific role
doki	tomcat-launcher	1	No specific role
dokipeti	gbsystem	1	No specific role
dokm	livingstone	1	Developer
dokmaster	linpha	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
doko	python	0	Developer
dokterjot	dsar2st	1	No specific role
dokterjot	mini	1	Developer
dokterx	auricula	1	Developer
dokterx	uceditor	0	No specific role
doktoreas	gentoo-gis	1	Project Manager
doktorhonig	gamminator	1	No specific role
doktorrob	thorwifi	1	No specific role
doktorrob	thorportal	1	No specific role
doktorrob	bofhss	0	No specific role
doktorrob	jatter	1	No specific role
doktorseven	gdoomsday	1	No specific role
doktorseven	fable-dtv	0	Developer
doktorzee	wikispider	0	Support Manager
doktor_m	arcallians	0	Developer
doktor_strike	ugamela	1	Project Manager
dokuma	rfg	1	Developer
dokuyama	pineapple	0	Developer
dol-sen	porthole	1	Developer
dolanor	fantasytour	0	All-Hands Person
dolapo	partychat	0	No specific role
dolbeau	linuxconsole	0	Developer
dolbeau	colossus	1	Developer
dolby-oss	wala	1	Project Manager
dolbysprat	musicfest	1	No specific role
dolce0109	itaforum	1	Project Manager
dolcept	snaax	1	Project Manager
dolcevita1972	catholiclibrary	1	Developer
dolda2000	bluetooth-alsa	0	Developer
dolda2000	dcprod	1	All-Hands Person
dolda2000	doldaconnect	1	No specific role
dolda2000	doldawebmail	1	No specific role
dolecek	bsdsort	1	No specific role
dolecek	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
dolemite1	avisynth2	0	Developer
dolemite1	dvx	1	Project Manager
dolenkei	carambola	0	No specific role
dolfcao	tstone	0	Analysis / Design
dolfin	linbrew	1	No specific role
dolgolenko	fui-jui	1	No specific role
dolgolenko	altiosamples	0	Developer
doli	atbot	0	No specific role
dolien	opendlm	1	Developer
dolin	dr-ea-m	1	Developer
dolittle30	kerneldebug	1	No specific role
dolivier82	sgccr	1	Project Manager
dolivini	entropia	1	Project Manager
dollardns	ipupdate	1	No specific role
dollarind	q-web	0	All-Hands Person
dollarz	tcldrop	0	No specific role
dolleman	jedits	0	Developer
dolly82	apii-ugen	0	Developer
dolly82	comppiler	1	No specific role
dollzerr	neuros	0	Developer
dolmant	newmark	1	No specific role
dolmant	keld	1	No specific role
dolmant	karamba	1	No specific role
dolmant	baghira	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
dolmatiner	relooksource	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dolmedilla	peertrust	1	No specific role
dolmedilla	sqi-wsdl	1	No specific role
dologan	stagos	1	No specific role
dolores	araucaria	1	No specific role
dolorous	dejavu	0	Developer
dolphin	fpm	1	No specific role
dolphinbofh	unattended	0	Developer
dolphineous	continuumlt	1	Developer
dolphinlover	shadowrunmmo	1	Content Management
dolphinlover	feudalsim	0	Web Designer
dolphinphp	flippoll	1	No specific role
dolphinworks	core-52n	0	Developer
dolphinworks	students-52n	0	Developer
dolphinworks	incubator-52n	0	Developer
dolphy	gstreamer	0	Developer
dolphy	getcontrol	1	Project Manager
dolphy	squale	1	No specific role
dolphy	pitfdll	0	Developer
dols	distribulator	0	Developer
dolsthoo	magicajax	1	Developer
dolt	wcgrab	1	No specific role
dolu	vod-k	1	Project Manager
dom	vdr-analogtv	1	Developer
dom	vdr-mediamvp	1	No specific role
dom	z88dk	1	No specific role
dom	mvpmc	0	Developer
dom	nslu	0	Developer
dom-akira	blogmail	1	No specific role
dom-uk	x-admin	1	Developer
dom0voy	jcheckers	1	No specific role
domainkeys	domainkeys	1	Project Manager
domainsquatter	gallery-contrib	0	Developer
doman	zpp	0	Developer
domancheta	futuruni	0	Developer
domancheta	ebaytools	1	Developer
domancheta	csharpchurch	0	Developer
domancheta	hlmapupdate	0	No specific role
domatlantida	libhandlers	1	No specific role
domatlantida	tvision	0	Developer
domatlantida	unicodecs	1	No specific role
dombal	hupppcol	1	No specific role
dombort	bangthedrumcln	0	All-Hands Person
domcat	roaches	1	Project Manager
domcnall	utspas	0	Developer
domcox	gnomesword	0	Doc Writer
domdi	pnd	0	Tester
domen15	timer	1	No specific role
domenb	eduroam	0	Web Designer
domendolar	mmed	1	No specific role
domengph	herdinneon	0	Developer
domenicobalzano	ibis	0	Tester
domenico_82	mojito	1	Project Manager
domenico_82	domenico	1	No specific role
domenikastoiser	venividiwiki	0	Developer
domes	clubdata	1	Project Manager
domestos	retromenu	1	Developer
dome_86	dndics	0	Developer
dome_c	thisk	1	No specific role
dome_c	telgo	1	No specific role
domfox	xmlvis	1	Developer
domfox	tripoli	1	No specific role
domg	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
domgenest	fugue	1	No specific role
domgenest	glude	1	No specific role
domgoergen	bashblogger	1	Developer
domi	phpopencommerce	0	Developer
domi06	dimension3	1	Developer
domi06	hackers-org2006	1	Developer
domi06	net-source	1	No specific role
domicaron	v2divx	0	Tester
domiclipse	domiclipse	1	No specific role
domih	mp3-lib	1	No specific role
domiii	todo2palm	1	No specific role
domiii	hackrscockpit	1	No specific role
domikz	canyamo	0	No specific role
dominance	openh323	0	No specific role
dominarvis	hydrapps	1	No specific role
dominate	xss-grun	1	No specific role
dominate	gamefinder	1	No specific role
dominatorhc	hellcats	1	No specific role
dominee	phpcsseditor	1	No specific role
dominic	bibcursed	1	No specific role
dominic	bibtool	1	No specific role
dominic	multinet	1	No specific role
dominic0312	nextgenim	1	No specific role
dominic8	ravl	0	Developer
dominicba	kxicq	0	Developer
dominicburns	gruntspud	0	No specific role
dominickay	filebench	1	Developer
dominick_chen	type-trace	1	No specific role
dominiclc	css2-bpatch	1	No specific role
dominicmulligan	ww2iso	1	No specific role
dominicn	jkos	0	No specific role
dominic_oneill	ooop	0	Web Designer
dominik	vatemps	1	Project Manager
dominik	showtimes	0	No specific role
dominik-ece6276	dsp-gatech	1	No specific role
dominik2	muttprint	0	Developer
dominik74	neuronalnet	1	No specific role
dominik81	openttd	0	No specific role
dominik82	imace	1	Developer
dominik83	phpmywebstore	0	Developer
dominikertl	venividiwiki	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dominikfieg	musicxml-rep	1	No specific role
dominikfieg	ducktail	1	No specific role
dominikgeyer	webporter	1	No specific role
dominikjungo	democratictunes	1	Project Manager
dominikjungo	clixml	1	Developer
dominikm	jsqueeze	1	Project Manager
dominikmayer	minip	1	Developer
dominiknew	white-cliffs	1	No specific role
dominikr	extracta	1	No specific role
dominik_lindner	vinobase	1	No specific role
dominio77	dynamicdom	1	No specific role
dominionspy	elite-wars	1	Developer
dominionspy	tt2	0	Developer
dominionspy	transit-net	1	Project Manager
dominion_bilko	dominion	0	No specific role
dominion_eh	dominion	1	No specific role
dominion_fa	dominion	0	No specific role
dominion_harly	dominion	0	No specific role
dominiquevocat	ensemblebar	1	No specific role
dominique_libre	crystal-audio	1	No specific role
dominique_libre	alsaplayer	1	Project Manager
dominodivine	dominoext	0	Developer
dominolamp	domwebbbs	1	No specific role
dominus	exult	0	Doc Writer
dominus	pentagram	0	Doc Writer
dominus	xultima4	1	No specific role
dominus_suus	yarnover	1	No specific role
domio	zapdisk	1	No specific role
domipheus	albatrossdk	1	No specific role
domiriel	photoprobe	1	No specific role
domisoft	no-ms-access	1	No specific role
domitianx	utcode	1	No specific role
domito	cdrtoaster	1	Developer
domivogt	gateguardian	1	No specific role
domivogt	fvwm	1	Project Manager
domivogt	opde	1	All-Hands Person
domivogt	opendlm	1	Project Manager
domivogt	opengfs	1	Developer
domizio	cgi-builder	1	Developer
domi_digitus	sepl	1	All-Hands Person
domi_reymond	seismic-toolkit	1	No specific role
domkai	relativity	1	No specific role
doml	librsvg	1	Project Manager
doml	wvware	1	Project Manager
domly123	plog4u	0	Developer
domm	mana-game	1	No specific role
domma	browserunit	1	Project Manager
dommulligan	isaplanner	0	Developer
domob	islandmandel	1	No specific role
domob	jongview	1	No specific role
domob	geomexakt	1	No specific role
domob	unlesbar	1	Developer
domob	minigolf	1	Developer
domob	dokxht	1	No specific role
domob	danceware	1	No specific role
domob	compann	1	Developer
domob	freewrl	0	Developer
domob	wissenschafft	1	No specific role
domob	zsms	1	No specific role
domob	annevolve	0	Developer
domoikane	domoikane	1	No specific role
dompie	adsl4linux	0	Developer
domq	config-inifiles	0	Developer
domroem	digeniusdisk	0	No specific role
doms78	ec-mid	1	No specific role
doms79	ec-mid	1	Developer
domsdos	jooda	1	No specific role
domseichter	dragstack	1	No specific role
domseichter	qsqlite	1	No specific role
domseichter	linball	1	No specific role
domseichter	kmassmailer	1	No specific role
domseichter	kbarcode	1	Developer
domseichter	kesi	1	No specific role
domseichter	krename	1	No specific role
domseichter	podofo	1	No specific role
domseichter	alan	1	Project Manager
domsky	fesca	1	No specific role
domsmith0949	osse	0	No specific role
domthera	opengfs	0	Developer
domtom	meta-forensics	1	No specific role
domtom	candy4job	1	No specific role
domtom	pymlserver	1	No specific role
domwass	jabref	0	No specific role
domwass	jurabib	0	Doc Writer
domwylion	wylion	1	No specific role
domyferraro	im2001	1	No specific role
dom_greenwood	jas	1	Project Manager
don	iproject	1	All-Hands Person
don	bastille-linux	0	No specific role
don-calzone	puck-man	1	No specific role
don-corleone	forumx	1	No specific role
don3jorn	alliancedb	1	No specific role
don4ld	tcsd	0	Developer
donaciano	daleks	1	No specific role
donadio	haskelldsp	1	No specific role
donal72	moodle	0	Developer
donald	playlistrepair	1	Developer
donald	girder2wamp-pls	1	Developer
donald	lincue	1	Developer
donald-s	jibte	0	Developer
donald5	mediomanager	0	Developer
donald64	mtt	0	Developer
donaldheer	tekbots-prog	1	Project Manager
donaldheer	attiny-vis-prog	1	Project Manager
donaldheer	datalogger-gui	1	Project Manager
donaldliew	fatfs	1	Developer
donaldp	eob	1	Developer
donaldp	spice	1	No specific role
donaldporter	zakar	1	No specific role
donaldw	jmux	1	No specific role
donald_derrick	treeform	1	No specific role
donald_d_mclean	takeaction	0	All-Hands Person
donald_j_axel	ucc	1	No specific role
donald_sharp	myimagehome	0	Developer
donalg	jostraca	0	Developer
donalg	alfj	1	No specific role
donalies	scorechaser	1	Project Manager
donalokane	agentfactory	0	Developer
donalredd	reddeagle	1	Project Manager
donamya	webme	1	No specific role
donangel	lug-bg	0	Developer
donangel	keepasssd	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
donangel	keepass	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
donangelo	zupippino	1	No specific role
donangelo	irudiko	1	No specific role
donarn	shadowplay	0	No specific role
donarn	shadowpoints	0	No specific role
donarski	j2mw-pacman329	0	Developer
donasket	arj	0	Developer
donatas	jedit	0	No specific role
donatelo	openenterprise	0	Developer
donati	wfesta	1	No specific role
donati	phpwf	1	No specific role
donatm	linav	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
donatm	gemoss	1	Developer
donatmueller	openmdx	0	Developer
donatodd	polip	1	Project Manager
donavanf	da3dteammax	1	Developer
donavanhall	alphatcl	0	Doc Writer
donavanhall	macbibtk	1	No specific role
donawa	x10	0	Developer
donbala	gridmanager	1	No specific role
donbowman	sossnt	1	Project Manager
donbricker	guihelper	0	Developer
donburns	openthreads	0	Developer
donburns	openscenegraph	0	No specific role
donc	clocc	0	No specific role
doncarr	traincars	1	Project Manager
doncestnik	simplecircuit	1	No specific role
doncipo	hardenedlinux	0	Developer
dondamm	freemical	0	No specific role
dondani	info	1	No specific role
dondel	mapcreator	0	Developer
dondelelcaro	blootbot	0	Developer
dondelelcaro	rnm	1	No specific role
dondelelcaro	infobot	0	Developer
dondenoncourt	ddskeywords	1	No specific role
dondickied	bullet	0	Developer
dondidi	project-planner	1	No specific role
dondiego_	ffmpeg	0	Developer
dondo_seattle	carbonado	1	Developer
dondragon2	xui	0	Developer
dondzes	javalcd	0	Developer
dondzes	hipgmap	0	Developer
doneill	remoting-corba	0	No specific role
donelli	openappkit	1	No specific role
doneric	pdblib	1	Project Manager
doneske	drjava	0	Developer
doneval	netlands	0	Developer
doneval	axe	1	Project Manager
donfhaden	seeme	1	No specific role
donfhaden	snmp-tools-gui	1	No specific role
dong0812	yoyoo	1	No specific role
dong203	jwp	0	Developer
donga	kdictthai	1	No specific role
dongalong	etestsuite	1	All-Hands Person
dongargon	jaba	0	Developer
dongato	emuleplus	1	Project Manager
dongcv	jxbot	1	No specific role
dongcv	nrdbview	0	Developer
dongdongpuppy	jdocviewer	1	No specific role
donghui	geneontology	0	No specific role
dongilbert	gmod	0	Developer
dongilbert	readseq	1	No specific role
donginn	oscar	0	Developer
donginn	env-switcher	0	Developer
dongorath	adh	0	Developer
dongryphon	netiphany	1	No specific role
dongshunhui	cims2005	0	Developer
dongwhan	ieurllock	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
dongwon	fortunecat	0	Developer
dongwonlee	fortunecat	0	Developer
dongxun	lighttracker	1	No specific role
dongzhiwang	wotonomy	0	Developer
donh123	jmscts	0	Developer
donhayden	tuxscreen	0	Doc Writer
donhill	tpaproclx	0	Developer
donhill	tpessence	1	No specific role
donhill	tpapro	0	Developer
donho	notepad-plus	1	Project Manager
donho	npp-plugins	0	Developer
donhoover	rdist	0	Developer
donicom	ibis	0	Developer
donigian	tournsoft	1	No specific role
donini	videocat	0	Developer
donjay	archivmaster	0	Developer
donjcook	microide	1	No specific role
donjd001	knapster	1	Web Designer
donjon56	nws	0	No specific role
donjones76	sparedrive	1	No specific role
donjr	statsme	0	Developer
donj_	xbmc	0	No specific role
donkee	fourier	1	Developer
donkel	jpop-framework	0	Developer
donkelley	ape	1	No specific role
donkey_punch	cstripletest	0	No specific role
donki	phputil	0	Developer
donkydonk	mtstcops	1	Project Manager
donleycountry	pstjailbreak	1	No specific role
donlobo	ebaseenterprise	1	Unix Admin
donlobo	civicrm	1	Developer
donlorenzo	amberfisharts	1	Developer
donlorenzo	afa-scumm	1	No specific role
donlorenzo	savage	1	Project Manager
donm	don-dragonfly	1	Project Manager
donmanuel	wot	0	No specific role
donmarten84	vmdesigner	1	No specific role
donmcc	pantest	1	All-Hands Person
donmeck	aztec	0	Tester
donmerlin	blazelist	1	Project Manager
donmerlin	emr3	1	Project Manager
donmerlin	lwp	1	All-Hands Person
donmiguel_unico	zock	1	No specific role
donmoylan	crickbooks	1	No specific role
donmoylan	sadm	1	No specific role
donn	webcamserver	1	No specific role
donn	gphoto	0	Developer
donn	donnrisk	1	No specific role
donn1e	eniac	0	All-Hands Person
donnaber	niftynerds	1	Doc Writer
donnaiwan	doimenu	1	Developer
donnaiwan	scasy	1	Project Manager
donnal	mindwrapper	1	No specific role
donnal	pypersyst	0	Developer
donnal	prism	1	Project Manager
donncha	cafelog	0	Developer
donnek	tuxpaint	0	Developer
donnek	gramadoir	0	Developer
donnerbauer61	jase	1	No specific role
donnico	educazionik	1	Project Manager
donnico	qradio	1	No specific role
donniek	mailmanager	1	Developer
donniewang	enfree	1	Project Manager
donnie_darko	uml	1	Developer
donniko	lomt	0	No specific role
donnoman	cpg-contrib	1	Project Manager
donnoman	coppermine	0	Developer
donnoman	nlettertailor	0	Developer
donnrri	pride-proteome	0	No specific role
donnydarko	dungeonmaze	1	No specific role
donnywi	svdp-case	1	No specific role
donoban	frikitimes	1	No specific role
donotfeariamher	wcuniverse	0	Developer
donotresus	katistic	1	No specific role
donots	biblion	1	No specific role
donots	c-nema	1	No specific role
donour	mondo-ep	1	No specific role
donour	pyxede	1	No specific role
donovandillon	jros	1	No specific role
donovandillon	myorg	1	Developer
donovang	dproofreaders	0	No specific role
donovang	openls	0	Developer
donovanm	vcardtable	1	No specific role
donpaco	openpollution	0	Support Manager
donpasquale	phpgall2l	1	Developer
donpdonp	apradar	1	Project Manager
donpedro2	dthreads	1	No specific role
donpedro2	gocache	1	No specific role
donpeppe	auctioneer-wow	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
donpool	sd4w	1	No specific role
donpuetto	csssa	0	Developer
donraggy	debinol	0	Tester
donredman	musicbrainz	0	Doc Writer
donreed	ppclinux	0	No specific role
donrob	kotahitanga	1	No specific role
donrobertson	msi-workgroups	0	No specific role
donsb	estudy	0	Developer
donseba	phpwebthings	1	Developer
donseba	labgabproject	1	Project Manager
donsingh2k	sikher	0	Developer
donsmith77	growl	0	Developer
donspaulding	firststrike	1	No specific role
donstark	esmf	0	Developer
dontaskmehow	basics	0	Developer
dontlikehippies	chatfx	1	No specific role
dontpanic	openme	1	Project Manager
dontuse	irc-sharp	1	Project Manager
dont_know	macroquest	1	Developer
donut	hiemine	1	No specific role
donut	nget	1	Project Manager
donut	cfv	1	No specific role
donut	pyleon	1	No specific role
donuthole	kde-redhat	0	Tester
donuthole	grio500	1	All-Hands Person
donuthole	gjukebox	0	Developer
donuthole	rioutil	0	Developer
donv70	metrics	0	Developer
donwillingham	gallery-contrib	0	Developer
donwulff	network	1	No specific role
donwulff	minilop	1	No specific role
donwulff	waterfall	1	No specific role
donwulff	unf	1	No specific role
don_ems	sahana	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
don_hamilton	vxl	0	No specific role
don_paul	scintilla	0	Developer
don_raka	jbpm	0	Developer
don_raka	mysparks	1	No specific role
don_raspu	jactivating	1	No specific role
don_turner	platasoft	0	Developer
don_xml	mvp-xml	1	Developer
don_xml	n-matrix	1	Project Manager
don_xml	saxondotnet	1	Project Manager
don_xml	svgdomcsharp	1	Project Manager
doobaq	graphil	1	Developer
doobedoobedo	freemis	0	No specific role
doobee	grid-engines	1	Developer
dooberwah	nobrains	1	No specific role
doobiesan	ovhmyadmin	1	No specific role
doobiesan	maragenda	1	No specific role
doobie_do	uuu	0	Developer
doobs	xtal	1	No specific role
dooby	wallbuilder	1	Developer
doodi	lasso	0	Developer
doodi27	citymap	1	No specific role
doodmanemu	chatchannels	1	No specific role
doodmanemu	eqemu	1	Project Manager
doodmanemu	eqemulator	1	Developer
dooferorg	agvcr	1	No specific role
doofsmack	wastedotnet	1	Developer
doofsmack	nerdsoft-os	0	Developer
doofsmack	damn	0	Developer
doofus1201	freeallegiance	1	Developer
doogan551	axualize	0	No specific role
doogan551	swang	0	Developer
doogle01	winampsync	1	No specific role
doogle01	doogsnx	1	No specific role
dooglio	tuxpaint	0	Developer
dooglio2	vncselector	1	No specific role
dooglio2	unigw	1	Developer
dooglio2	boost-extras	1	Developer
dooglio2	dsurvey	1	No specific role
dooglus	synfig	1	All-Hands Person
doogmaster	potc	0	No specific role
dook	mozilla-nl	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dooki	routingsms	1	No specific role
doolin	firebug	1	Project Manager
doolin	f2j	0	Developer
doolin	dda	1	Project Manager
doolin	tinyos	0	No specific role
doolin	geotechnica	1	No specific role
doolin	cenvotes	1	Project Manager
doolyo	poprelay	0	All-Hands Person
doom9	megui	1	Project Manager
dooma85	colorization	1	Developer
doomdark	swifty	0	Developer
doomdark	jdbm	0	No specific role
doomguy0505	deceditsharp	1	No specific role
doomhammer	zwischenwelt	0	Developer
doomhammer	sfzrpg	0	Developer
doomstone	doombot	1	No specific role
doomstonex03	otrevolution	1	No specific role
doomwiz	openil	0	Project Manager
doom_arrow	cdscc	0	Web Designer
dooohkooo	whitemammoth	1	Project Manager
doopy	libxtea	1	No specific role
door33	dbsblog	1	Developer
doormat	peacepipe	0	Developer
doorn	foobot	1	Developer
doornenbal	composestar	0	Developer
doorsdown	scratch-itch	1	No specific role
doorsdown	labrea-web	1	No specific role
doorsdown	web-xml	1	No specific role
doorsdown	menace	1	No specific role
doorsteps	dsgadu	1	No specific role
doortokaos	hochregal	1	No specific role
doos2	gxconf	0	Developer
doost_online	faciamos	0	Developer
dopamine	osnet	1	No specific role
doped	xspirit	0	Tester
dopefish	playspc	1	Project Manager
dopeflish	freevo-jamote	1	No specific role
dopehouse	gpg-crypter	1	No specific role
dopehouse	citemapp	1	No specific role
dopehouse	leet-generator	1	No specific role
dopelogik	xmlrpcflash	1	All-Hands Person
dopelogik	collective	0	Developer
dopenhagen	aspectas	1	No specific role
dopheide	mysql-ha	0	Developer
dopi	acbr	1	Project Manager
dopingez	bewos	0	Developer
dopostback	photoengine	1	No specific role
doppelganger	isugamedev	0	Developer
dopphouse	cfopenbb	0	Developer
doppler	phpgm	1	No specific role
dops	linklist	1	No specific role
dopyiii	feudalsim	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
doq84	vamoscrm	0	Developer
dor10122	bajjer	1	Developer
dor10122	civilwar	0	Developer
dor10122	wargamer	0	Developer
dor557	kcddda2mp3	0	Developer
doragon	snakezor	1	No specific role
doragon	itgames	1	No specific role
doranmd	marcpm	0	Developer
doran_xenos	gtkmmothello	1	No specific role
dorax7	tabumusic	1	No specific role
doray	jlisp	1	No specific role
dorchain	rtpjukebox	1	Project Manager
dorchain	mcntp	0	Developer
dorchh	adria	1	Project Manager
dordokasvn	kpspman	1	No specific role
doreilly	phpmedialibrary	1	No specific role
dorek	winpas	0	No specific role
doretto	vxl	0	No specific role
dorfdrull	asc-hq	0	Developer
dorgan1983	mysql-bind	0	Developer
dorgan1983	eapcms	1	No specific role
dorgon	davinci4j	1	No specific role
dorgon	phpdavinci	1	Project Manager
dorgon	gsdam	1	No specific role
dorgon	ftpsyncagent	1	No specific role
doria	logicampus	0	Tester
dorianhath	makehuman	0	Doc Writer
dorianscholz	pys60rc	1	No specific role
dorian_tessore	louise	1	No specific role
doriginalmrbob	openamp	1	No specific role
doriginalmrbob	powhatan	1	Project Manager
dorileo	caju-cms	1	Developer
dorin_ir	phpbb2modificat	0	Tester
dorislin	awarenut	0	Developer
dorislin	iat	0	Developer
doritojones	focus-sis	0	Doc Writer
dorivalac	irc-manager	1	No specific role
dorivalac	xproxy	1	No specific role
dorivalac	xdebug	1	No specific role
dorivalac	xboot	1	No specific role
dorivalac	multi-boot	1	No specific role
dorivalac	kantav	1	No specific role
dori_seliskar	vmps	1	No specific role
dori_ua	apertium	0	No specific role
dorkforge	peninsulabridge	1	Developer
dorkiaa	ircontrol	0	Developer
dorkrawk	safis	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dorleta	flr	0	No specific role
dorlov	integratis	1	All-Hands Person
dorm106	dorm106	1	No specific role
dormando	javashout	1	No specific role
dormantroot	browse	0	Developer
dormantroot	yelo	0	Developer
dorment	islands	1	Project Manager
dormento	holo	0	Developer
dormi	oaproject	1	No specific role
dornbusch	getlocal	1	No specific role
dornj	evtrack	1	No specific role
dornquast	jcharts	0	Developer
dornstein	flexwiki	1	No specific role
doroh	antnet	1	Project Manager
doroh	agworld	1	Project Manager
doron_bl	genesix	1	No specific role
dororeichert	care2002	0	Developer
doros220	katapult	0	Developer
dorothqa	minivs	0	Developer
dorothyr	tkcvs	1	No specific role
dorothyr	tkdiff	0	Developer
dorphell	bak2disc	1	No specific role
dorremifasol	gens	0	Developer
dors	razorlame	1	Project Manager
dors	jedivcs	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dortamur	edo	1	Project Manager
dorth	dawnofinfinity	0	Developer
dorth	openevgalaxy	0	Developer
dorto	oorpg	1	Developer
dorto	kodepaster	1	Developer
dorus	leaf	0	Developer
doru_constantin	himera4ever	1	Developer
dorwins	amplitude	1	No specific role
dorylak	winnetou	1	Developer
dorzak	embermud	0	Developer
dor_laor	kvm	0	No specific role
dos-reis	axiom	1	Developer
dos4dos	pgsuite	0	Developer
dos4gw	woped	0	Developer
dos4gw	gtoaster	1	No specific role
dosbert	robodog	1	Developer
dosbert	aeongdk	1	Developer
dosbert	freelinuxcd	0	Developer
dosbubba	csharpircserv	1	Project Manager
dose7781	defaultrps	0	Developer
dosendoc	pjirc-latex	1	Developer
doserj	dresden-ocl	0	Developer
doshea	freedos	0	Developer
doshea	tvdlgdsn	1	No specific role
doshea	moomapper	1	Developer
doshhar	chiphpug	0	Developer
dosmaster	ngn	0	Tester
dosmaster	sol-linux	0	Tester
dosmonster	repast	0	No specific role
dosnlinux	qboot	1	Project Manager
dosnlinux	sinp	1	No specific role
dosnlinux	batchide	0	No specific role
dosoft	farplugins	1	Unix Admin
dosphantom	rtdounix	0	Developer
dosrocks	oslikeunix	1	No specific role
dosrulez	ice-upd	1	No specific role
doss	tclxml	1	Developer
doss	xsltsl	0	Developer
doss	waxml	0	No specific role
dossiman	dossizola	1	No specific role
dossy	fxbook	1	Project Manager
dossy	rp-l2tp	0	No specific role
dossy	aolserver	1	All-Hands Person
dosteen	aion	1	Web Designer
dosten	inetbasics	1	Project Manager
dosten	millicontainer	1	No specific role
dosten	vbdocscript	1	Project Manager
dostick	umantis	1	No specific role
dostick	midpsysinfo	0	No specific role
doswareteam	dopays	1	Developer
dosx86	deinterlace	0	Developer
dos_maykop	dmengine	1	No specific role
dot	kde20devel	1	Project Manager
dot-hack	chaos-engine	1	No specific role
dot-hack	fireforge	1	No specific role
dot79	rsyncplugin	1	No specific role
dotan3	sheepengine	0	Web Designer
dotan3	toxicengine	0	Web Designer
dotann	mooz	1	No specific role
dotan_adler	xjmx	1	No specific role
dotcdot	tiddly-dotcdot	1	No specific role
dotcom41799	openlancer	0	Developer
dotcomguy	habitat	0	Developer
dotcomslash	mallyzoneeditor	1	No specific role
dotdkay	spaceranger	0	Developer
dotdot	sf-uw	0	Tester
dotforward	rrb	1	No specific role
dotforward	eptable	1	No specific role
dotft	kbslive	1	No specific role
dotgl1970	susefaq	0	Doc Writer
dotgrid	backupgrid	1	No specific role
dothead	platypuswiki	1	No specific role
dothebart	citadel	1	No specific role
dotii_com	dotii	1	No specific role
dotjerky	javaonsails	1	All-Hands Person
dotkam	daemonwall	0	Developer
dotmatrics	eptable	0	Developer
dotmatrix	zmessagequeue	1	Project Manager
dotmatrix	phphitman	1	No specific role
dotmatrix	pedegree	1	Developer
dotmatrix	qualitypos	1	No specific role
dotnetcoders	dotnetopensrc	0	Developer
dotnetdevuk	nsecticide	0	No specific role
dotnetfireball	dotnetfireball	1	Developer
dotnetfireball	firefenix	1	All-Hands Person
dotnetguru	oxerp	0	Developer
dotnetguru	aspectdng	1	Developer
dotnetguru	neowebservices	0	Developer
dotnethacker	visualextender	1	No specific role
dotnethacker	captainhook	0	Developer
dotnetindex	dotnetindex	1	No specific role
dotnetinfra	dotnetinfra	1	Unix Admin
dotnetjeff	dotcausehadori	1	Project Manager
dotnetrulez	crplugin	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dotnetscorm	dotnetscorm	1	No specific role
dotnetspecial	vbpackcompile	0	Web Designer
dotnetsurvey	dotnetsurvey	1	No specific role
dotnetuser	dotnetopensrc	0	Developer
dotnet_joe	e-ark	0	Developer
dotomega	dotomega	1	No specific role
dotpl	q40	1	Project Manager
dotru	chopperduel	1	No specific role
dotru	ctdos	1	No specific role
dotsean	saucecms	1	No specific role
dotsphinx	gtk-wimp	1	Project Manager
dotsphinx	gordon	1	No specific role
dotsphinx	gphoto	0	Developer
dotsphinx	pygarmin	0	Developer
dotsphinx	workrave	1	All-Hands Person
dotted	ctisp	1	No specific role
dotti0	pfstools	0	Developer
dottom	pernband	0	Developer
dottzero	fccl	1	No specific role
dotwaffle	blipdriver	1	No specific role
dotweb	mp3webplayer	1	Developer
dotxp	gnosmirc	0	Support Manager
dotzball	ipcop	0	Developer
dotzball	firewalladdons	1	Developer
dotzourb	newsengine	1	No specific role
dotzourb	althea	0	No specific role
dot_fry	ljup	1	No specific role
dot_ike	xmlrpcflash	0	Developer
dot_jeff	thecode	1	Project Manager
dot_net_dave	subtext	0	No specific role
dot_porter	tei	0	Developer
dou9st3r	spacecommander	1	No specific role
doub	unitec2003	1	No specific role
doub	liam3	1	No specific role
doub	polybulus	1	Developer
double	gnupdate	1	Developer
double-d	xmlrpcbuilder	1	Developer
doublea1138	fanficformat	1	No specific role
doublebackslash	rantgen	1	No specific role
doublebug	otlkcon	0	Developer
doublec	factor	0	No specific role
doublec	portableaserve	1	Developer
doublec	marlais	0	Developer
doublec	dylanlibs	1	No specific role
doublec	devkitpro	0	Developer
doublecompile	phpwildfire	1	Project Manager
doubledeez	klear	0	Developer
doublef	waygoer	1	No specific role
doubleg_76	node-runner	1	Developer
doublejoon	camget	0	Tester
doublemalt	skrupel	0	Developer
doublemaltbeer	ignus	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
doubleoseven	vdp007designer	1	Developer
doubleplusmagic	prettypress	1	No specific role
doubleshot	weborganizer	0	Developer
doublethink	checkbook	1	No specific role
doublethink	pare	1	No specific role
doubleye	fitcv	1	No specific role
double_damage	remote-assist	1	No specific role
double_t	emuleplus	0	Developer
doubtme	gamingdice	1	Developer
doucetp	t5tux	1	Project Manager
douceur	safis	0	Developer
doucyg	elounge	1	No specific role
doudblast	excelreport	1	No specific role
doudoul	baryon	1	No specific role
doudouz	pokerlounge	0	Developer
doudou_insa	insalugsite	1	Developer
doudy	j2k	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
doud_	w3os	1	No specific role
doug65536	nucleuskl	0	No specific role
doug75006	microjavadallas	0	Developer
doug8429	bytehoard	0	No specific role
dougao	securecell	1	Project Manager
dougbtx	butterflycp	0	Developer
dougcan	chamber	0	Developer
dougculnane	ginp	1	Project Manager
dougculnane	stat-scm	1	No specific role
dougcurrie	hibernate	0	Developer
dougday	xu4	0	Developer
dougday	dday-ical	1	No specific role
dougday	tzical	1	No specific role
dougdew	coconsole	1	No specific role
dougecko	spice	0	No specific role
dougedmunds	brownbuffalo	1	Developer
dougefresh	pn-modules	0	Developer
dougfelt	icu	0	Developer
dougfort	pyagent	1	All-Hands Person
dougfort	addanc	1	All-Hands Person
dougfort	asynchttp	1	All-Hands Person
dougfort	fixedpoint	1	No specific role
dougg3	tschat	0	Developer
douggore	sub-sonic	1	Project Manager
douggutaby	mt2000	0	Developer
doughellmann	happydoc	1	No specific role
doughellmann	pmwcontribd	1	No specific role
doughellmann	proctor	1	No specific role
doughellmann	collective	1	Project Manager
doughenry	vtkfox	1	No specific role
doughera	dt3155a	1	No specific role
doughnut_	mussh	1	No specific role
doughnut_	bashwatch	1	Project Manager
doughnut_	mancala-perl	1	No specific role
doughoffman	powermops	0	Developer
dougholt	newspaper	1	Project Manager
doughoyte	nmapsoc	1	No specific role
doughurt01	popquiz	0	Developer
douginoz	openshowcenter	0	Developer
dougkamp	eaps	1	Project Manager
dougkamp	ispconfig	0	Developer
dougkeith	xmlnode	1	Developer
dougkwan	yae-gpl	1	No specific role
dougk_ff7	hacksphpbb	1	Developer
douglaess	gbdev	0	Graphic/Other Designer
douglas-hubler	dhubler	1	No specific role
douglas77	egroupware	0	Developer
douglas77	graden	1	No specific role
douglas77	sortiar	1	No specific role
douglasddf	oxe-fiexpenses	1	No specific role
douglasddf	amigos	0	Developer
douglasgreen	phpclassy	1	No specific role
douglasgresham	grace-webmail	1	No specific role
douglasjsellers	pdftoxml	1	No specific role
douglasjsellers	djindent	1	Project Manager
douglaslyon	docjava	1	No specific role
douglasoares	phpnetzero	0	Developer
douglasreay	fairdice	1	No specific role
douglasstvnsn	enms-dice	1	No specific role
douglaswahl	xmsf	0	No specific role
douglas_goodall	xmldevotools	1	No specific role
douglas_mcgowan	jfirewallsim	0	No specific role
douglas_om	jmvm	1	Project Manager
douglas_om	gcoder	0	Developer
douglas_om	lagar-lottery	0	All-Hands Person
douglas_stewart	mailserv	1	No specific role
douglips	poopliivsmagic	1	All-Hands Person
dougmccann	replacement-wnd	1	No specific role
dougneal	dnhttpd	1	No specific role
dougneal	baj	1	Developer
dougnukem	umdfallingblock	1	Project Manager
dougorleans	volity	0	Developer
dougorleans	socrates-lang	1	No specific role
dougorleans	daj	1	Project Manager
dougp23	swifttide	1	No specific role
dougparr	vr7	1	Web Designer
dougporter	kernkit	1	No specific role
dougporter	muffin	0	Developer
dougransom	pyblosxom	0	Developer
dougransom	aggie	0	Developer
dougransom	fuzzyn	1	No specific role
dougreed	scart	1	Developer
dougreed	madrims	1	Developer
dougreed	crux	1	Developer
dougriddle	fossile-project	1	Project Manager
dougrogers	neurodraughts2	0	Developer
dougross01	jfixclient	1	Project Manager
dougroyer	autoit-recorder	1	No specific role
dougsatch	shelled	1	No specific role
dougsatch	x-assist	1	No specific role
dougschaefer	cdt-contrib	1	No specific role
dougsmaglik	grnds	1	Developer
dougwa	openroad-plus	1	No specific role
dougwinter	dwengine	0	Developer
dougwolfejr	byojeopardy	1	No specific role
dougwolfejr	lessonplan	1	No specific role
dougzwick	webkitjava	1	Developer
doug_gault	hotsos-ilo	1	No specific role
doug_gillespie	pamguard	0	No specific role
doug_helbling	q2contentlib	1	No specific role
doug_hu	szamorodni	1	Project Manager
doug_j_martin	rss-accelerator	1	No specific role
doug_melvin	dynapi	0	No specific role
doug_mitton	s10sh	1	No specific role
doug_rosenberg	shutmedown	1	Project Manager
doug_rosenberg	treeform	0	Developer
doug_shikashio	radicl	1	No specific role
douille	photomgr	1	No specific role
douillet	open64	1	Developer
douleftis	xmms-dvb	1	No specific role
douma	colorization	1	Developer
dound	cdxscorebot	1	Developer
dound	web-cal	1	Project Manager
doupp	bsd-cp	1	No specific role
doursse	enlightenment	0	Developer
doursse	avisynth2	0	Developer
dous	gmgaclock	1	No specific role
doutde	songdb	1	No specific role
douval	perlfs	0	Developer
douyere	d-sim	1	Developer
dov-g	pdl	0	Developer
dov-g	gtkextra	0	Developer
dov-g	gtk2-perl	0	Doc Writer
dov-g	giv	1	No specific role
dov-g	vtkgtk	1	No specific role
dov-g	libplis	1	No specific role
dov-g	fribidi	1	Project Manager
dov-g	paps	1	No specific role
dov-g	xnm	1	No specific role
dovalec	bugi-dev	1	No specific role
dovbysh	webcontroller	1	Developer
doveclaw	horizon2	1	No specific role
doverton	mercury	0	No specific role
doviende	libctk	1	No specific role
doviende	stormpkg	1	No specific role
dovix	moodle	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dovkatz	jabbergw	1	Developer
dovkruger	graphite5d	1	No specific role
dovoto	devkitpro	0	Developer
dovoto	ndslib	0	Developer
dowe	vsh	1	All-Hands Person
dowen	sybmon	1	No specific role
dowens	mepsth	1	Developer
dowlingw	olmsn	1	No specific role
dowlingw	layer3web	1	Developer
down-south	noeae	1	No specific role
downalrus	autosat	1	No specific role
downanup	nagvis	1	Project Manager
downbound010	web-torrent	1	No specific role
downbound010	dmcenter	1	No specific role
downer	mod-pubsub	0	Developer
downer	perlbot	0	No specific role
downeypj	jackpp	0	Developer
downgraded	gmcommunity	1	No specific role
downhill	sitengine	1	No specific role
downix	opendocpro	1	Project Manager
download13	opendoc	1	No specific role
downlord	videodb	0	No specific role
downpour	wtfibs	0	Developer
downsize	ngs	1	No specific role
dowobeha	wristsaver	1	Project Manager
dowobeha	ydp	1	All-Hands Person
dowski	cherrypy	1	Developer
doxavg	bfbtester	0	No specific role
doxen	jitterbit	1	Web Designer
doxnparts	doxnparts	1	No specific role
doxulting	koha	0	Developer
doxychecker	doxychecker	0	No specific role
dox_ts	wsdev	0	No specific role
doy	configurator	1	No specific role
doychi	marble	1	All-Hands Person
doychin	internetdirect	0	Developer
doylemikej	mikedoylescms	1	No specific role
doylemikej	coldunit	0	Developer
doylep	pipesh	1	No specific role
doyley	myphpnuke	0	Developer
doyley123	openscape	1	No specific role
doyu	dspgateway	1	Project Manager
doyu	linuxsh	0	No specific role
doza	enigma	1	No specific role
dozd	intronet	1	No specific role
dozierl7581	netsysscan	1	No specific role
dozku	rtpmonitor	1	No specific role
dozz	edass	1	Project Manager
dozz	altosdev	1	All-Hands Person
dozz	prass	1	All-Hands Person
dozzie	swaret	0	Developer
dp-	elamgallery	0	Developer
dp-chewie	dblkill	0	Developer
dp-cvs	dproofreaders	0	No specific role
dp72	mng-scanner	1	No specific role
dp79	exmld	1	Developer
dpa-toolkit	dpatoolkit	1	No specific role
dpaarmann	gendb	0	Developer
dpace	gimp-print	0	Developer
dpacker	cgi-wml	0	All-Hands Person
dpadalkar2001	bwmonitoring	1	Project Manager
dpadam	wbemservices	0	Developer
dpaehl	gnsis	1	No specific role
dpaehl	archivconvert	1	No specific role
dpalaka	p2people	0	Developer
dpaleino	com-simpleboard	0	Developer
dpalffy	ipodlinux	0	Developer
dpalic	pads	1	No specific role
dpalme	openmiles	1	No specific role
dpalme	truckerp	1	No specific role
dpalomo	pred	1	No specific role
dpanech	timespan	0	Developer
dpanelli	bcsqlgen	1	No specific role
dpangier	diettrack	1	No specific role
dpangier	palmfuellog	1	No specific role
dpangier	gallery-contrib	0	Developer
dpanic	bim	1	No specific role
dpanic	dpanic	1	No specific role
dpanic	jdmsecure	1	No specific role
dpanic	linuks	0	All-Hands Person
dpape	ipxplugins	1	No specific role
dpape	clusutils	1	No specific role
dpardo	gnuplant	1	No specific role
dparedes	cmnet	1	No specific role
dparfitt	shocto	1	No specific role
dparfitt	edufs	1	No specific role
dparis76	pyremcontroller	1	No specific role
dparker	harvey	0	No specific role
dparnell	httpmail-plugin	1	Project Manager
dparnell	warpconduit	1	No specific role
dparnell	synedit	0	No specific role
dpartain	ark	0	No specific role
dparvin	gameguru	1	No specific role
dpash	clint	1	No specific role
dpasirst	pamsmb	0	No specific role
dpassmor	tinymush	1	Developer
dpassmore	jediedit	0	Developer
dpatrone	krobotif	1	No specific role
dpatters8	flashdoctors	0	Developer
dpattinson	joodi	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dpattiso	p-ray	1	No specific role
dpatton	punt	1	Project Manager
dpavlin	plies	1	Developer
dpavlin	nswm	0	Developer
dpavlin	docman	1	No specific role
dpavlin	fuse	0	Developer
dpavlin	wait	0	Developer
dpavlin	webpac	1	No specific role
dpavlis	cloveretl	1	No specific role
dpawson	lilyxml	0	No specific role
dpawson	docbook	0	Developer
dpawson	daisymfc	0	Developer
dpawson	dsidtb	0	Project Manager
dpazehoski	safsdev	0	Developer
dpbarron	jb2csharp	0	Developer
dpbennett	python-mingw	1	No specific role
dpberry	docway	0	No specific role
dpbradbu	dissco	0	Developer
dpc5	lintrack	1	Developer
dpchrist	dirdiff	1	All-Hands Person
dpcl-admin	dpcl	1	Project Manager
dpcris85	amsn	0	Developer
dpcritchley	ipcop	0	Developer
dpcritchley	mailrefinery	0	Developer
dpculp	jsbsim	0	Developer
dpdnolan	publicwhip	0	Developer
dpdns	dynpopdns	1	No specific role
dpeastman	simplrflickr	1	No specific role
dpeca	serbdict	1	Developer
dpecevski	pcsim	1	Developer
dpecos	phpfilm	1	Project Manager
dpecos	jmovie	1	No specific role
dpecosm	permisos	1	Developer
dpecosm	seekit	1	No specific role
dpecosm	basedatos	1	No specific role
dpecosm	z-counter	1	No specific role
dpeddi	freepops	0	Developer
dpeddi	emum	1	No specific role
dpedro	geerkoto	1	No specific role
dpegler	ethfilter	1	No specific role
dpegler	ixp425	1	No specific role
dpegler	mpc860sar	1	Developer
dpengel	sep	1	No specific role
dpennell	smee	1	No specific role
dpereira	ktelnet	1	No specific role
dpereira	debommender	1	No specific role
dperezfernandez	rubik	1	Support Manager
dperiard	fabathome	0	No specific role
dperkel	mobileprototype	0	Developer
dperpich	gvcsitemaker	0	No specific role
dperrin	phpajaxpoll	1	No specific role
dperry324	yaqn	1	No specific role
dpersohn	webcam-osx	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dpescanjour	ietest	0	Developer
dpeters	minpo	1	No specific role
dpeterso	gramps	0	Developer
dpettigrew	openscoop	1	No specific role
dpeugh	objectbridge	0	Developer
dpeugh	clix	0	Developer
dpeugh	j3djoystick	1	No specific role
dpeugh	quilt	1	No specific role
dpeugh	pmd	1	Developer
dpf	vtun	0	Analysis / Design
dpfau	ctflasher	1	Project Manager
dpfear	g-scripts	0	Project Manager
dpfeifle	opendte	1	Project Manager
dpfeifle	bgclass	1	No specific role
dpflibse	di-interpreter	1	No specific role
dpfollmer	bsc-rank	1	No specific role
dpfresh	xoops	0	Developer
dpgarner	mbcx	1	No specific role
dpgarner	bcx-basic	0	Developer
dpgigorro	cdkpp	1	Developer
dpgilbert	smartmontools	1	Developer
dpguitar	evilpandy3d	0	Editorial/Content Writer
dphaedo	cweb	0	Analysis / Design
dpharris	embeddedloconet	0	Developer
dpharris	jmri	0	Developer
dpharris	mrrlcb	1	No specific role
dpharris	opendcc	0	Developer
dphase	enlightenment	0	Developer
dphiffer	homebrew	1	No specific role
dphro	phpascan	1	No specific role
dpichugin	reflector	1	No specific role
dpick	gaul	0	Tester
dpiekorz	scmws	0	Developer
dpiessens	ccnet	0	Developer
dpillay	openmetabase	0	Developer
dpina	stepmod	0	No specific role
dpinho	folha-livre	0	Developer
dpinkney	netrek	0	Developer
dpinte	bmelibpy	1	Developer
dpippenger	page-bencher	1	No specific role
dpitaloka	zhenghe	0	Developer
dpithouse	opennhs	1	No specific role
dpitt	strata-plugins	1	Project Manager
dpitt	strata	1	Project Manager
dpitt	strata-rmibrkr	1	Project Manager
dpitt	strata-jdbcschm	1	Project Manager
dpitt	strata-adeia	1	Project Manager
dpitt	strata-agntbrkr	1	Project Manager
dpitt	strata-ocontrol	1	Project Manager
dpitt	strata-html-obj	1	Project Manager
dpitt	strata-ftp	1	Project Manager
dpitt	strata-exec-mon	1	Project Manager
dpitt	strata-xml-util	1	Project Manager
dpitt	strata-logging	1	Project Manager
dpitt	strata-universe	1	Project Manager
dpitt	strata-tkbf	1	Project Manager
dpitt	strata-thyra	1	Project Manager
dpitt	strata-smf	1	Project Manager
dpitt	swingml	1	Project Manager
dpittman	osedi	1	Project Manager
dpittman	openas2	1	Project Manager
dpittman	entai	1	All-Hands Person
dpjava	javaboincmanage	1	No specific role
dpk	cctools	0	Developer
dpk	ksterl	1	Developer
dpkeller338	icarus	1	No specific role
dpkg	grasshopper	1	Developer
dpkorexican	charonsecurity	0	Developer
dplakosh	ceivalinux	0	No specific role
dplaneta	ptrie	1	No specific role
dplate	i3m	1	Developer
dpleibovitz	actr-sos	0	Developer
dplock	open-pac	1	Developer
dploeger	group-office	0	Developer
dploeger	spamcruncher	1	No specific role
dploeger	aarchitect	1	No specific role
dploeger	lppdf	1	No specific role
dploog	crawl-ref	0	Doc Writer
dplumlee	vbmuddotnet	0	Developer
dplummer	traprs	0	Developer
dpm	hitop	1	No specific role
dpmelo	amigos	0	Developer
dpn	opencontroller	1	Project Manager
dpnonne	pms475	0	Developer
dpoccia	javazipgui	1	No specific role
dpocock	libuc	1	No specific role
dpod	refdb	0	Developer
dpod	tei	0	All-Hands Person
dpokhrel	nepos	1	No specific role
dpokhrel	openi	0	Developer
dpoland	fortunebible	1	Project Manager
dpolistchuck	sqlbrowser	1	No specific role
dpolistchuck	kys	0	No specific role
dpolivaev	freemind	1	Developer
dpolivaev	simplyhtml	1	No specific role
dpollet	aqsis	0	No specific role
dpollet	texcdcover	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dpollet	fasmz	0	Analysis / Design
dpolutov	sitelog	0	Developer
dpolymeris	miel	1	No specific role
dpontes	agent-sg	0	Developer
dpopovici	pyminimize	1	No specific role
dpopovici	dbi-python	1	No specific role
dpopovici	esnbox	1	No specific role
dporreco	aistockbot	0	Developer
dport	boxenircu	0	Developer
dporta	knowledgebase	1	Project Manager
dportabella	ecatalog	1	No specific role
dportabella	webcatalog	1	Project Manager
dportabella	jsurveylib	1	No specific role
dportman	mgx	1	Developer
dportman	genex-umb	1	No specific role
dportman	v-g-l	1	No specific role
dposada	drjava	0	Developer
dposton	ai-standards	0	Developer
dpotter	irmp3	1	Project Manager
dpotts	l4mips	1	No specific role
dpotts	l4alpha	1	Developer
dpotts	misdn4oz	1	Developer
dpp	billfrog	1	Developer
dpp	august	1	No specific role
dpp	scalawithsails	1	No specific role
dpp	smartmode	1	Developer
dpquynh	freeguide-tv	0	Developer
dprashanth	log4me	1	No specific role
dprevost	vdsf	1	Project Manager
dprice	vibewire	0	No specific role
dprimon	susta	1	No specific role
dpro	pure-data	0	Developer
dprokopchik	eolf	0	Developer
dproto	commgame	1	No specific role
dprotti	libvisual	0	Developer
dprotti	libcmt	1	No specific role
dprotti	infinity-plugin	1	No specific role
dprutean	db-org	1	No specific role
dps	mpkern	1	No specific role
dps	checkps	1	Project Manager
dps	httpgate	1	No specific role
dps	word2x	1	No specific role
dpservis	foxoc	1	No specific role
dpshelper	dpshelper	1	No specific role
dpshop	dpshop	1	No specific role
dpsuffix	webdesproxy	1	No specific role
dpsuffix	wimsg	1	No specific role
dpsuffix	hpdvmc	1	No specific role
dptalon135	idk-cms	0	Developer
dptalon135	discuss	1	Project Manager
dpthayer	winwoods	1	No specific role
dpthayer	primlife	0	No specific role
dptool	dptool	1	No specific role
dptopia	storyboard	1	No specific role
dpuggie	minotaurmonitor	1	No specific role
dpuggie	comadminutils	1	No specific role
dpuiu	geoss	0	Developer
dpuiu	va-genex	0	Developer
dpunktnpunkt	eduplone	0	Developer
dpunktnpunkt	collective	0	Developer
dpunktnpunkt	plone-docs	0	Doc Writer
dpunktnpunkt	plone	0	Developer
dpunktnpunkt	plone-i18n	1	Developer
dpunktnpunkt	zuccaro	1	Project Manager
dpunktnpunkt	archetypes	0	Developer
dpupek	rastertrace	1	No specific role
dpupkov	bugzilla-ru	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dpurgin	qaide	1	No specific role
dpurp	ovidplanent	1	No specific role
dpuryear	fossile-project	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dpuryear	jabbertest	1	Project Manager
dpuryear-v	jyatda	1	No specific role
dpuza	candb-dev	1	Developer
dpuza	basics	0	Developer
dpv	gphoto	0	Developer
dpvc	moodle	0	Developer
dpvc	jstex	1	Developer
dpvc	jsmath	1	Project Manager
dpw13	eqm	1	Developer
dpwhite	dwjbuilderaddin	1	No specific role
dpwhite	jcontractor	0	Developer
dp_developer	dproject	1	Developer
dqadri	njbfs	1	Project Manager
dqflyer	xoopschina	0	No specific role
dqlm	kulakcommander	0	No specific role
dqlm	cubemachine	1	No specific role
dqlm7	kulakcommander	1	No specific role
dqminh	yagu	1	No specific role
dqueffeulou	jsynthlib	0	Developer
dqueue	uscvprogs	0	Web Designer
dquigley	doom3sdk	1	Project Manager
dquinlan	dwain	1	No specific role
dquinlan	asterisk-stuff	0	No specific role
dquintela	whatsnew	1	No specific role
dquintela	xdoclet-plugins	0	Developer
dqw	wikipub	0	Tester
dqw	editoversight	0	Tester
dq_searchlores	bambi	1	No specific role
dr-berlin	rabak	1	Project Manager
dr-dyhr	macgpg	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dr-gravity	phpsmith	1	No specific role
dr-nuker	dxmagic	1	No specific role
dr-thwaine	yetiserver	1	No specific role
dr013	hitman-cms	1	No specific role
dr0pl3t	minp	0	No specific role
dr1234	rastraf	1	No specific role
dr1982	semanticdebug	1	Project Manager
dr1982	ndeploy	1	No specific role
dr1982	trion	1	No specific role
dr2chase	sspwsg	1	No specific role
dr34mf4ll	nwsketchpad	0	Developer
dr3vil	xth3m3s	1	No specific role
dr460neye	goserverproject	0	Web Designer
dr4g	gardcms	1	No specific role
dr4g	bitmeta	1	Project Manager
dr4k	netrafd	1	Project Manager
dr4ma	paranox	1	Project Manager
drabon13	codewave	0	Developer
drabureesh	moodle	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dracflamloc	pnmz-fps	1	No specific role
drach	cdat	1	Developer
drachenfelsnwn	drachenfels	1	Project Manager
drachenkaiser	truv	0	Developer
drachs	bandwidthd	1	All-Hands Person
dracica	csfish	1	Developer
dracoblue	truc	1	Developer
dracoblue	mucamo	1	No specific role
dracodynasty	emailvis	0	No specific role
dracoheroicus	complejos	1	No specific role
dracoheroicus	vectorial	1	No specific role
draconar	ghpmathproj	1	Developer
draconian_burns	enflame	1	Project Manager
draconicfae	tinaposplus	0	Developer
draconicfae	javaspect	1	No specific role
draconx	toom	1	Developer
draconx	rubiksrace	1	Project Manager
dracoomega	civcad	0	No specific role
dracor	phpnuke65-cpg	0	No specific role
dracorat	pcgen	0	No specific role
dracorx	kbfx	0	Doc Writer
dracos	publicwhip	0	No specific role
dracos111	havok	0	Editorial/Content Writer
dracos67	threedebug	1	Developer
dracotheimpaler	contra-paganos	1	No specific role
dracsystems	bulmages	0	Developer
dracul01	sdak	1	All-Hands Person
dracula78	net-gui	1	No specific role
draculak	jhc	1	No specific role
dracvl	warp-framework	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dradul	vim-es	1	Project Manager
draegonis	intarbrow	0	All-Hands Person
draek	galaxium	1	Project Manager
draethus	switchfs	1	No specific role
draffurd	tyrant	0	No specific role
draft	distributeddns	1	No specific role
draftdog	jeteam	1	Developer
draftdog	andromdaplugins	1	Developer
draftdog	andromda	1	No specific role
drag	echongl	0	Tester
drag0n	aurorab	1	Developer
drag0n2	lucene	1	All-Hands Person
drag0n69	dragonsales	1	No specific role
drag0n69	servnetcontrol	1	All-Hands Person
drag0n69	infomix	1	Project Manager
drag0neye	wcc	1	No specific role
draga	nms	1	No specific role
dragan-kerkez	k-fig	1	No specific role
dragan1	reportlab	0	Developer
dragant	octaviz	1	No specific role
dragchan	qgspider	1	No specific role
drageuth	dreamblog	1	No specific role
draggaj	freenas	0	Support Technician
draggett	tidy	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
draggho	movix	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
draghetto	hoplugins	1	Developer
draghetto	ho1	1	Developer
draghetto	ht-commons	0	Developer
draghir	phaosrpg	0	Developer
draghuram	raagplay	1	No specific role
draghvendra	linxter	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dragice	inputconf	1	Project Manager
dragice	spiraclock	1	No specific role
dragisha	linuks	1	All-Hands Person
dragnalith	fantastic-land	0	Developer
dragnovich	ofgs	1	No specific role
dragob	egroupware	0	Developer
dragod	onlinesig	1	All-Hands Person
dragod	pshare	1	No specific role
dragon	ismg	0	Tester
dragon-fang	openzelda	0	No specific role
dragon-software	xmind	1	No specific role
dragon13	g4j	0	Developer
dragon2000x	starradon	1	Developer
dragon28	enzyme	0	Developer
dragon28	koha	0	Developer
dragon52225	zantastico	1	Developer
dragon666	ul2	1	Project Manager
dragonchaser2	chaotix	1	No specific role
dragonchild	pdftemplate	1	No specific role
dragoncorp	g-panel	1	No specific role
dragondark	survivalserver	1	Developer
dragoneagle	xdiyprog	1	No specific role
dragonet	dzeeemp	0	Doc Writer
dragonfang	crystalnight	1	Project Manager
dragonfireck	drckgameplay	1	No specific role
dragonfly	don-dragonfly	1	Project Manager
dragonfly-	ultimatecevoai	0	Web Designer
dragonfly-uk	odysseyplatform	1	No specific role
dragonfly2006	scanjava	1	No specific role
dragonflygirl10	oo-wa	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dragonfly_	jangcy	0	Developer
dragonfyre13	navphp	0	No specific role
dragongame	war-of-time	1	No specific role
dragongodz	dvdx	0	Developer
dragonis	bitcalendar	1	No specific role
dragonix	e-rss	1	No specific role
dragonjac	othersky	0	No specific role
dragonk	optparse	1	No specific role
dragonk	shadelinux	1	All-Hands Person
dragonk	krshield	1	Project Manager
dragonkeeper	bit5blog	0	No specific role
dragonkenhk	global-defence	0	Developer
dragonkh	umigrate	0	Developer
dragonlance	vishnix	0	Developer
dragonlz	zupload	1	No specific role
dragonmageus	flashphprpg	1	Project Manager
dragonmageus	phpmudengine	1	Project Manager
dragonmagi	planet-earth	1	Project Manager
dragonmantank01	biffapi	1	No specific role
dragonmaw	enscpg	0	Developer
dragonpool	shenlife	0	No specific role
dragonspirit	jdoko	1	No specific role
dragonspirit	cepheus	1	No specific role
dragonts	grengine	1	No specific role
dragontunguk	build-o-matic	1	All-Hands Person
dragontunguk	uberunit	1	All-Hands Person
dragonvulture	ovorp	0	Developer
dragonwolf	javaref	0	Developer
dragonx_	photobank	1	Project Manager
dragon_788	simple-search	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dragon_king	chosen-warrior	1	No specific role
dragon_king	genetic-render	1	No specific role
dragon_linux	gtk-wince	1	No specific role
dragon_master	mbspeaker	1	No specific role
dragoon-dark	dirsize	1	No specific role
dragoranko	atlantiscomprot	1	Developer
dragorn	osvsd	1	Developer
dragorn	shogun	0	Developer
dragoshbalan	reportengine	1	No specific role
dragoshbalan	reportdesigner	1	No specific role
dragos_dobrota	zeoslib	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
dragos_moinescu	phppublisher	1	No specific role
dragos_stoica	joctet	0	Developer
dragotn2000	jmb	1	No specific role
dragqueen	rearview	0	Developer
dragrion	stimuli	0	All-Hands Person
dragu645	jvb3d	1	Project Manager
dragulceo	flexmyadmin	1	No specific role
dragulceo	flashdatepicker	1	No specific role
dragyn	dialtimer	1	No specific role
drahca	atomicboard	1	No specific role
drahcir	knxathome	1	Project Manager
draheim	swpf	1	Project Manager
draheim	angie	1	No specific role
draheim	jspick	1	No specific role
draheim	bloof	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
draheim	easep	1	No specific role
drahflow	lejos	0	No specific role
drahflow	logisim	1	All-Hands Person
drahflow	atc2	1	No specific role
drahflow	tasidaf	0	Developer
drahoj2	hair	0	Developer
drahosp	docbook2odf	1	Project Manager
drahosp	cyclone3	1	Project Manager
draicone	mcmwt	1	Developer
draicone	zefiecast	1	Developer
draicone	bitmeta	1	No specific role
draicone	enterthetetrix	0	No specific role
drainboy	galab	1	Project Manager
drainboy	ai-standards	0	Developer
drajarshi	evlog	0	Developer
drajovic	emos-framework	1	All-Hands Person
drak-	commcntr	0	Developer
drak-	xchatter	0	Developer
drak0n	phpshare	0	No specific role
drakaar	shadowrunmeta	1	No specific role
drakaar	jhack	1	Project Manager
drakahn	wdcontest	1	Developer
drakahn	tsuchanwars	1	No specific role
drakahn	realms	1	No specific role
drakan	fedlibrary	1	Project Manager
drakan	ficro	1	No specific role
drakan21	astraldragon	0	No specific role
drakanor	dbappframe	1	No specific role
drakazz	drakcms	1	No specific role
drakazz	teddys-rpg	0	No specific role
drakazz	pastebox	1	No specific role
drakcap	zulumail	0	Developer
drake42	jasperrepsopt	1	No specific role
drake42	mozsocket	1	No specific role
drake42	recurrance	1	No specific role
drake42	schemamap	1	Developer
drake42	chlorine	1	No specific role
drakeblackwell	lotgdnuked	1	No specific role
drakeg	systemdoc	1	No specific role
draken123	realsubtitler	1	No specific role
drakepl	embot	0	Developer
drakerozzo	phprubric	1	Developer
drakexp	rm2k	0	No specific role
drakexp	rpg-engine	1	Project Manager
drakey	stratus	1	No specific role
drake_295	k-guestbook	1	Project Manager
drake_295	aimtracker	0	Developer
drake_295	ubs-spectacular	1	No specific role
drake_archaius	twilighttas	1	Content Management
drake_avatar	twg	0	No specific role
drake_avatar	dragonchess	1	Developer
drake_ster	cdemu	0	Developer
drakia	phpnet	1	Project Manager
drakierd	decaldev	0	Developer
drakilor	ctopia	1	Developer
drakin-korin	l2j-c2datapack	1	Developer
drakkath	archaicrunes	1	No specific role
drakker	eounicorn	0	Graphic/Other Designer
drakker	embracedarkness	1	Project Manager
drakkoon	allacrost	0	Developer
drakmar	gopf	0	Developer
drakmar	csharp-logger	1	No specific role
drakmar	sharpschedule	1	No specific role
drakmar	sharpcvslib	1	No specific role
drakmar	nantcontrib	0	Developer
drakmar	nant	0	Developer
drakmir	larinu	1	Project Manager
drakmyth	netmonsters	1	Project Manager
draknek	ezboard-conv	1	Developer
drakon412	trepidation	0	Developer
drakonic	kswaret	1	Developer
drakonim	office-suite	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
drakonite	makeshiftzaurus	1	No specific role
drakonite	gintogi	1	No specific role
drakonslair	easinstaller	0	Tester
drakon_rider	farscreen	1	No specific role
drakosha	jtranslit	1	No specific role
draktheas	mediaportal	0	Developer
drakxter	oxynews	1	Developer
dralex	jtools-ruby	1	No specific role
dralgebra	joymouse-linux	1	No specific role
dralisz	linuxcommander	1	No specific role
dralnix	reactos	0	Developer
dralnu	genadu	1	Project Manager
dralthiace	alarmbuddy	1	No specific role
dram	tamillinux	0	No specific role
dramage	macmap	1	No specific role
dramatec	boost	0	Developer
dramaticdigital	cgmuscle	0	No specific role
drambeau	free-eos	0	Developer
dramicanin	ring-mud	0	All-Hands Person
dramus	gmuve	1	Project Manager
dramus	mtmmoodle	1	No specific role
dramus	ndjb	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
dranalli	panda3d	0	Developer
dranalli	see	0	Developer
dranath	zroute	1	Project Manager
dranatunga	searj	1	No specific role
dranatunga	jdbm	0	No specific role
dranatunga	lightfixture	0	Developer
dranatunga	test4j	1	All-Hands Person
drandy	uni-xml	1	No specific role
dranet	vireborn	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dranet	crystalinterfac	1	No specific role
drange	bergenblink	1	All-Hands Person
drangel_gatoo	gatoo-software	1	No specific role
drankin	hlim	1	No specific role
drankin	netatalk	0	Developer
drano2000	multix	0	Developer
drano2000	xml2db	1	No specific role
dranok	xstab	1	No specific role
dranok	renkei	1	No specific role
dranorter	doctus	1	No specific role
draphael	owasp	0	Developer
drapmeyer	spyse	1	Project Manager
drapoz	clovppp	0	No specific role
drapp	dwengine	0	No specific role
draqza	pagedev-extreme	1	Unix Admin
draracle	javaphone	0	Developer
drarbiter	chadwick	1	No specific role
drarbiter	groza	1	No specific role
drarbiter	gambit	1	No specific role
drarcheh	peexl	1	No specific role
drarem	smart-library	0	Developer
drarem	qblide	1	All-Hands Person
draries77	openfirmware	0	No specific role
drarok	objsql	1	No specific role
drart	farsi-php-blog	1	No specific role
drasch	tesselation	1	No specific role
drasen999	bsdfw	0	No specific role
drasener	fsnator	0	User Interface (UI) Designer
drashkeev	rl-mule	1	No specific role
drasile	biowebauth	1	Project Manager
drask	npmailinglist	1	No specific role
drasor	deegree	0	Developer
dratek	aggoo	1	No specific role
drater	webmacro	1	Project Manager
drathdragonbane	agothia	1	Project Manager
drathen1	pygpm	1	Project Manager
drathore	metaaso	0	Developer
drathus	fuzzysql	1	Project Manager
dratti	wsoftbomberman	1	No specific role
draugur	netstack	0	Developer
draultvillar	projetojose	0	Support Manager
draupadi	remotedial	1	No specific role
draustin	indy	1	No specific role
drautzburg	senora	1	No specific role
draven	saphyre	1	No specific role
draven_0	xoops	0	Developer
dravi	histolink	0	Developer
dravick	xiawe	1	Developer
draxan	queueview	1	No specific role
draxan	dportal	1	Project Manager
draxeman	axeback	1	No specific role
draxus	nikki	0	Developer
drayde	raypp	0	Developer
drayell	crypteyes	1	No specific role
draykko	druantia	0	Developer
drayko	pywm	1	Developer
drayko	itrade	0	Developer
draynor	tclgd	1	No specific role
drazeel	rubysteps	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
drazeel	orpg	1	All-Hands Person
drazi	gallery-c4e	1	No specific role
drazzib	irate	0	No specific role
drazzib	nwn-firmware	1	Developer
drazzy	cbm	1	No specific role
drb299	flr	0	Developer
drb80	jrsst	1	No specific role
drb80	jmut	1	No specific role
drb80	jdnss	1	No specific role
drb80	javarch	1	No specific role
drbanks	rtvpatch	1	Developer
drbarbu	passistant	1	No specific role
drbarker	multiagent	1	No specific role
drbash	remoteaudio	0	Developer
drbebusy	ats-system	1	Developer
drbell	tvtime	1	Developer
drbenhur	dbhcms	1	No specific role
drbigfresh	simplenews	1	No specific role
drbin	unreal	0	No specific role
drbixler	nslu	0	Developer
drbizzaro	bitmapfont	1	Developer
drblast	ntw	1	Project Manager
drblast	drblast	1	Developer
drblast	lispscript	1	No specific role
drblast	kidbasic	1	Project Manager
drblitzkrieg	ddmodd	0	Graphic/Other Designer
drbob16	imm	1	Developer
drbob7	retroshare	1	Project Manager
drbobmiller	chromeportal	0	Developer
drboose	robosoft	0	No specific role
drbowen	openemr	0	Developer
drbrain	phpopengl	0	Developer
drbrain	php-smb	1	No specific role
drbrno	synedit	0	Developer
drbrown	pileofpcs-mgr	1	No specific role
drbunsen2	kartulator	1	No specific role
drbytezen	zencart	1	Developer
drc42	motorobots	1	All-Hands Person
drcd	heka	0	Developer
drcetiner	moodle	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
drcharly93	wdforge	1	Unix Admin
drcheah	vistaoutreach	0	Requirements Engineering
drchoffnes	straw	1	No specific role
drcjt	sudoku-mp	1	No specific role
drclaus	aopython	1	No specific role
drclaus	party	0	No specific role
drclausen	rhswebsite	1	Developer
drcottee	mockobjects	0	Developer
drcrazy4	fsinstaller	1	No specific role
drcrazy4	fsguestbook	1	No specific role
drcrazydog	inkubator	0	Developer
drcrm	ms2my	1	Project Manager
drcusick	taas	1	No specific role
drcusick	germs	0	Developer
drcusick	biowarfare	0	No specific role
drcweidauer	wfmopen	0	Support Technician
drdan00	legis-track-ga	1	Developer
drdani	sdcc	1	Developer
drdaniels	oxci	0	No specific role
drdee	mod-pubsub	0	Developer
drdefault	sql-ledger	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
drderail	alloymux	1	Web Designer
drdevlin	dataaccess	1	Project Manager
drdivano	pytvision	1	No specific role
drdm	aime-lib	1	No specific role
drdoak	anaxor	0	Developer
drdoak	bobo	1	No specific role
drdoak	cfos	1	Developer
drdoak	javacards	1	No specific role
drdoak	jarkanoid	1	No specific role
drdoug007	pkgbuild	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
drdox	antix	1	No specific role
drdox	doxdiscovery	1	No specific role
drdox	junior	1	No specific role
drdox	jmates	1	No specific role
drdox	wirelesswaiter	1	No specific role
drdox	surfcloud	1	No specific role
drdozer	taverna	0	Developer
drdozer	microbase	1	No specific role
drdre	cfurlencrypt	0	Developer
drdubious	genephp	0	Developer
dreadas	quickdc	0	Developer
dreadful	ntns	1	Developer
dreadlock9	sproutengine	1	No specific role
dreadlocks	knx-support	1	No specific role
dreadnought	threat-identify	1	No specific role
dreadnoughtgav	trilldev	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dreadnoughtgav	openoss	0	Developer
dready359	skrupel	0	Developer
dreakx	absolute	1	No specific role
dreamair	livcos	1	Developer
dreambox	movix	0	Developer
dreamboxdude	mediaportal	0	Developer
dreamcatcher	archetypes	1	Developer
dreamcatcher	sqlobject	0	Developer
dreamcatcher	sampleinventory	1	Developer
dreamcatcher	pywin32	0	No specific role
dreamcatcher	plone-docs	0	Developer
dreamcatcher	plone	1	Developer
dreamcatcher	plone-i18n	1	Developer
dreamcatcher	collective	1	Project Manager
dreamcatcher	docutils	0	Developer
dreamcatcher	zope	1	Project Manager
dreamcatcher	zwiki	0	No specific role
dreamcatcher	zcomix	1	All-Hands Person
dreamcatcher	zgc	0	Developer
dreamcatcher	flyingcircus	0	Developer
dreamcatcher	formulator	0	Developer
dreamdealer	amule	0	No specific role
dreamdream44	projectzero	0	Developer
dreameddeath	clansportal	1	No specific role
dreamer79	pajff	1	No specific role
dreamerblade	cellframework	0	Developer
dreamerdev	phpgameportal	0	Developer
dreamer_uk	handheldquake	0	Developer
dreamfactory	evoltsp	1	Project Manager
dreamforce2	licq	0	Developer
dreamforge2k4	dfsmt	1	Developer
dreamgear	attocms	1	Project Manager
dreamguard	redeemer	1	Project Manager
dreamguard	smilib	1	No specific role
dreamguard	webreset	1	No specific role
dreamguard	fsscanner	1	Project Manager
dreamify	quizjava	1	No specific role
dreamify	mastermind	1	No specific role
dreamingbear	exponent	0	Developer
dreamingbear	p5re	1	No specific role
dreamingsky	dictionarymid	0	Developer
dreamlab	ugo	1	No specific role
dreamlab	isecom	0	Developer
dreamless	bliss-scanner	1	All-Hands Person
dreamlore	sitehelm	1	No specific role
dreammaker	diskerman	1	No specific role
dreammaker	mistajob	1	No specific role
dreammaker_br	apdata	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dreammaster	delphi-conduits	1	No specific role
dreammaster	u6edit	1	No specific role
dreammaster	scummvm	0	Developer
dreampainter	ftpautoupdater	1	No specific role
dreamsavior	relaypoint	1	No specific role
dreamsavior	sql-dvdlogger	1	No specific role
dreamscape	gaim-e	1	Project Manager
dreamscape	plinks	1	No specific role
dreamscoder	url-911	0	No specific role
dreamserv	dreamserv	1	No specific role
dreamslayer	taokgame	0	Developer
dreamslayer	magicajax	0	Developer
dreamslayer	meccs	1	Project Manager
dreamspec	ps2frame	1	Project Manager
dreamsrem	promatch-proj	1	Developer
dreamstec	eventnet	1	No specific role
dreamsync	dreamsync	1	No specific role
dreamwords	dsearch	1	No specific role
dreamyeh	bahamut-sango	0	Developer
dream_free	dspf2linux	1	No specific role
dream_team	simpleamp	1	No specific role
dreb	moodle	0	Developer
drebechi	piccolicomuni	0	No specific role
drebes	firmament	1	No specific role
drebs	suby	1	No specific role
dreckgos	bcs	1	Project Manager
drecksack	leetmx	1	No specific role
drecksoft	nose	1	Unix Admin
dreday	cwruser	0	Developer
dredd	eddie	1	No specific role
dredd	hammerhead	1	No specific role
dredd	swlpc	1	Project Manager
dree	ateneo	0	Developer
dree	pod2it	1	Developer
dreeh	phpmysecret	1	No specific role
dreeh	dvdxul	0	Developer
dreeh	bluefish	0	Doc Writer
dreeh	frogpics	1	No specific role
drees76	enginuity	1	All-Hands Person
dreffed	gene4j	0	No specific role
dregan	sageforge	0	Developer
dregan	webpp	1	Developer
dreghag	php-attcodec	1	Project Manager
dregnar	chapman	1	Developer
dregnaul	savonet	0	Developer
dregula	specimenphoto	1	Developer
dregula	uploadservice	1	No specific role
drehn	gridauth	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
drehrumbum	orcus	0	Developer
dreichl	rehash	1	All-Hands Person
dreichl	keepass	1	Developer
dreier	librtp	1	No specific role
dreier	gphone	1	No specific role
dreier	rtptunnel	1	No specific role
dreik_m	calc-3d	0	Developer
dreik_m	dgl	1	No specific role
dreimas	gqmud	0	Developer
dreinhold	falloutx	1	No specific role
dreis	webkoffer	1	Developer
dreisamrd	spokeculator	1	No specific role
dreiss-isb	netmotsa	1	Project Manager
drej	glchess	0	Developer
drejc	monex	1	No specific role
drejc	analyzator	1	No specific role
drek282	marinebot	0	Support Manager
drekenn	riyuuaku	1	No specific role
drekka	reallayout	1	No specific role
drekka	maven2-junit4x	1	No specific role
drellis	fs2pascal	1	Developer
drellis	jedi-sdl	1	Developer
drellkoth	thomud	0	Developer
dremelofdeath	alefox	1	Distributor/Promoter
dremelofdeath	bm-game	1	Project Manager
dremien	snort-inline	0	Developer
dremon	win32gui	0	Developer
dremul	lifeglade	1	Graphic/Other Designer
dremy	prosper	0	Developer
dren	drip	1	Project Manager
drenoel	yingming	1	No specific role
dreoth	wpdev	0	No specific role
dreoth	rayonnant-shard	1	Developer
drepasky	j-bird	1	No specific role
drepasky	vainstall	0	Developer
dreppan	reflexengine	1	No specific role
drepster	rvtg	1	No specific role
dreq	rancerzero5	1	No specific role
dreq	pycarge	1	Developer
dresdenboy	chipcompany	1	No specific role
dresh	dreadshade	1	Project Manager
dresnick	bogotel	1	No specific role
dresnick	log4cpp	0	Developer
dret	sharef	1	No specific role
dret	xpsh	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
drethans	re2c	0	Developer
dreuff	axiomes	1	No specific role
dreusch	yacas	1	Developer
dreusser	larsim	1	Project Manager
dreuteu	cgi-dna	1	No specific role
drevay	admixor	0	Developer
drevele	phpmd	1	No specific role
drevele	mhdos	0	Tester
drevele	nuke-board	1	All-Hands Person
drevele	sshell	1	No specific role
drevele	rinuxcvc	1	Project Manager
dreversat	glui	0	Developer
drevil_xxl	ffdshow-tryout	1	No specific role
drewb	poprelay	0	Developer
drewb	linux-usb	0	No specific role
drewbray	zenoss	1	Doc Writer
drewburns	partyfish	0	Developer
drewcifer	esml	0	Developer
drewcoolness	cbs	0	Developer
drewd09	bbo	1	No specific role
dreween	eclipsesql	0	Developer
drewes	pytele	1	No specific role
drewfish	moth	1	Project Manager
drewformica	trackit	0	Developer
drewid1138	universerpg	0	Doc Writer
drewish	ioboard	1	No specific role
drewish	phlickr	1	Project Manager
drewjensen	titaniumserver	1	Project Manager
drewjensen	oobasestation	1	No specific role
drewlander	ntray	0	Developer
drewmccormack	pplot	0	Developer
drewmccormack	narrative	1	Developer
drewmccormack	fidal	0	Developer
drewmccormack	ta-lib	0	Developer
drewmoore	backtalk	0	Developer
drewnak	core-52n	1	Developer
drewnak	incubator-52n	1	Project Manager
drewnbyron	madm	1	No specific role
drewnoakes	monocle	0	Developer
drewnoakes	ironsmith	0	Developer
drewnoakes	ccnet	0	Developer
drewnyc	taxonx	1	Project Manager
drewnyc	taxongrab	1	No specific role
drewp	light9	1	Developer
drewpc	pycrypto	1	Developer
drewpc	duas	1	No specific role
drewpc	gstring	1	No specific role
drewpinto	adultframework	1	No specific role
drewrockshard	devpack	1	No specific role
drewsen	yanoid	0	Developer
drewser	bovad	1	Developer
drewski207	fpwm	1	Developer
drewski207	fpgui	1	Developer
drewslater	fisheyegallery	1	No specific role
drewslater	tikipro	0	No specific role
drewslater	bitweaver	0	No specific role
drewslater	spidertree	0	No specific role
drewtemp	cf-mail	0	Developer
drewzhrodague	scanbuttond	0	Developer
drewzhrodague	placelab	0	Developer
drew_csillag	skunkweb	1	No specific role
drew_kay	ifs	0	Developer
drexeliu	rsim-neural-bp	1	Developer
drey	i740fbdev	1	No specific role
drey	bsdcalendar	1	No specific role
dreyero	kproject	1	No specific role
drf5n	oceanmodelfiles	0	Developer
drf5n	oostethys	0	Developer
drfarina	snap-photo	1	Developer
drfettbacke	eisgame	1	Project Manager
drfettbacke	cubebullets	1	No specific role
drfickle	libhugetlbfs	0	Developer
drfindley	phpontrax	0	No specific role
drfish	wxstudio	0	No specific role
drfish	kissme	1	All-Hands Person
drfizzix	freeiso	1	Project Manager
drfizzix	citrixts4linux	1	No specific role
drfizzix	winmsi	1	No specific role
drfizzix	vcdt	1	No specific role
drfoomod2	nettiers	0	Developer
drfooser	peeweemanager	1	Project Manager
drforrester	parseperl	0	Developer
drfreak	knoppixmame	1	No specific role
drfriq	editapage	0	Developer
drfritz	maitreya	1	Project Manager
drfunk	requin	1	Project Manager
drfunky	free-host	1	Developer
drf_av	osmportal	1	No specific role
drgalen	openvid	1	Project Manager
drgarcia	openoffice-es	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
drgarrison2	openvetmed	0	Developer
drgert1	foucault	0	Developer
drgervas	gervasproject	0	No specific role
drghost	eiscms	1	No specific role
drgnslyr	cycles3d	1	No specific role
drgnslyr	glappgrapher	1	No specific role
drgnslyr	gns	1	No specific role
drgnvale	nomud	0	Developer
drgnvale	vegastrike	0	No specific role
drgnvale	vrtsyn	1	No specific role
drgoldfire	arhb	0	Developer
drgoldie	freeglut	0	Developer
drgoldie	klimt	1	No specific role
drgoldie	ogl-es	0	No specific role
drgoldie	softgl	1	Project Manager
drgowans	genesis-py	0	Developer
drgrinch	surviving-bots	0	Developer
drguenther	pla	1	All-Hands Person
drgustin	loneranger	1	Developer
drgvond	cocoagammon	1	Project Manager
drh	tcl	1	Developer
drh	tcllib	0	Developer
drh	tktoolkit	0	No specific role
drhansenjr	aggomail	1	No specific role
drhash	absear	1	No specific role
drhatcher	codesnipe	1	No specific role
drhatcher	geotraxtion	0	No specific role
drhbuxton	riscossmbserver	1	Project Manager
drhelland	megasquirtavr	0	Developer
drhellraizer	pion	0	No specific role
drherbaceous	truco-o-algo	0	Developer
drhiii	gallerycheckout	0	Doc Writer
drhogie	aa33code	1	No specific role
drhoigul	palmboardroom	1	Developer
drholzer	mytravelbook	0	Developer
drhyde	rsnapshot	1	All-Hands Person
drhyde	drhyde	1	No specific role
dri106	thonims	0	Developer
dri3s	javasim	0	Developer
dria	linuxchix-faqs	0	No specific role
dribnuz	university	0	Developer
drichan	jnlp	0	No specific role
drichan	ocd	1	No specific role
drichan	xito-games	1	No specific role
drichan	xito	1	No specific role
drichardson	xgomoku	1	No specific role
drichardson	dejahelp	1	No specific role
drichardson	ftss	1	No specific role
drichardson	scal	1	No specific role
drichardson	sapes	1	No specific role
drichardson	sem	1	No specific role
drichardson	huffman	1	No specific role
drichardson	gomoku	1	No specific role
drichardson	aes	1	No specific role
driedfruit	phpbb-openid	0	Developer
driehle	jvalue	1	No specific role
driehuis	cricket	1	Project Manager
driehuis	net-snmp	0	Developer
driehuis	meraboire	1	No specific role
driehuis	plib	0	All-Hands Person
driehuis	squid	0	Developer
driekez	splanner	0	Developer
dries	progressivevnc	0	Web Designer
driescher	subtitleripper	1	No specific role
driescher	me2600	1	All-Hands Person
driescher	hardwareid	1	All-Hands Person
drieschner	jboss	0	Developer
drieschner	tikiwiki	0	Developer
driesdeschout	jsetup	1	Project Manager
drieseng	nant	1	Developer
drieseng	nantcontrib	1	Developer
drieseng	ndoc	0	Developer
drieseng	log4net	0	Developer
driesie	necommerce	1	Analysis / Design
driessn	sap-jco-support	1	Developer
driftchicken	epiware	1	Project Manager
drifter77	apc-aa	0	Developer
drifterlrsc	coresms	1	No specific role
drifterlrsc	openidx	1	No specific role
driftingwalrus	freeworldbbs	1	No specific role
driftkop	fink	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
drifton	fracturedfates	1	No specific role
drig	ackpoller	1	No specific role
drig	netmessenger	1	Developer
drig	tttn	1	No specific role
drig06	ostax	1	No specific role
drigby	yacas	1	Developer
driger1592	scarsrl	0	No specific role
dright	sangam	1	Unix Admin
dright	fitrunner	1	No specific role
dright	floranta	1	Developer
dright	premier-spe	1	Developer
drigz	activexml	1	Project Manager
drikin	dorio-plugin	1	No specific role
drikin	mixidock	1	No specific role
drimmola	hybrid64	1	No specific role
drimoufou	bio	1	Developer
drinckes	imagefunnel	1	No specific role
drinckes	mymusic2	1	No specific role
drinckes	jfpm	1	No specific role
drinckes	kcart	1	Project Manager
drindo	dotforum	1	No specific role
drindo	dotgallery	1	No specific role
drinian	bzflag	0	Tester
drink151	pyssh	1	No specific role
drinkdew	nash	0	Developer
drinksi	realitytech	1	No specific role
drinou	dreamos	1	Developer
dripton	colossus	1	All-Hands Person
dripton	slugathon	1	No specific role
driquelme	dmda	1	No specific role
driquelme	php4e	1	No specific role
dririan	stepos	1	No specific role
drirr_cat	bosl	1	No specific role
drirr_gato	fimg-gmplugins	1	No specific role
drisate	simboard	1	No specific role
driscoll_jeff	xjms	0	All-Hands Person
dristonia	winace	0	Developer
dritan	amra	1	Developer
dritchie	bespamfilter	1	No specific role
drittz	codicefiscale	1	No specific role
drittz	rml	1	No specific role
dritzz	ind	1	Project Manager
driushkin	inzinieriai2	0	No specific role
drive	firefox-be	1	No specific role
drivecode	keats	0	Developer
drivehell	webmass	1	No specific role
drivelspigot	panama	0	Developer
driven2trade	rcpmudclient	0	Developer
driverdownload	basicdownloader	1	No specific role
driverkt	javaicalendar	1	No specific role
driver_red	jackpp	1	No specific role
drixom	btonline-btech	0	Doc Writer
drixter	rbllookup	1	No specific role
drizzd	germ	1	No specific role
drizzt	gvrflash	1	No specific role
drizzt	probe	1	All-Hands Person
drizzt	agon	1	No specific role
drizzt-fr	quenottetv	0	Tester
drizztdn79	jims	1	No specific role
drj11	handgun	1	No specific role
drj11	luamidi	1	No specific role
drjava	jmcop	1	No specific role
drjava	superversion	1	No specific role
drjava	smyle	1	No specific role
drjava	freegle	1	No specific role
drjavanomous	mvnforum	0	Developer
drjaw	fipy	1	Developer
drjeckyll	videodb	0	No specific role
drjeckyll	icukrell	1	No specific role
drjeckyll	mp3onfly	1	No specific role
drjimmy42	russellpour	1	No specific role
drjoe	quantlib	0	Developer
drjoe	swig	0	Developer
drjond	scoutingtracker	1	No specific role
drjonesac2	lom2	1	No specific role
drjren	micflow	1	No specific role
drkameleon	frankie	1	No specific role
drkameleon	yannix	1	No specific role
drkameleon	splash	1	No specific role
drkami	tiger	1	No specific role
drkangel75	mice	1	No specific role
drkaos	narc	1	No specific role
drkaos	fortytwoseconds	1	No specific role
drkaos	snortcocaine	1	No specific role
drkaos	anonym-os	1	No specific role
drkaos	cognisec-fw	1	No specific role
drkat	gxconf	0	Developer
drkduncan	warsim	1	No specific role
drkemp	lmrcs	1	Developer
drkent	qmcbeaver	1	Project Manager
drkent	qsoftcounter	1	No specific role
drkent	qopcounter	1	No specific role
drkent	javelina-cc	1	Developer
drkent	dpcl	0	No specific role
drkessler	tigerpacs	1	No specific role
drkiiraziel	thundervb	1	Developer
drkimi	arbeitssuche	0	Developer
drkirkby	atlc	1	No specific role
drkirkby	dawm	1	No specific role
drkirkby	chessdb	1	No specific role
drkirkby	yagiuda	1	No specific role
drkirkby	witm	1	No specific role
drkirkby	hp8970	1	No specific role
drklein	jop-bsc-design	0	Developer
drkmfdm	knoppmythaddons	1	No specific role
drknow	jalaunch	1	Project Manager
drkorg	roundup	0	Developer
drkorg	storm-pim	0	Developer
drkzight	princed	0	Graphic/Other Designer
drkzight	transwi	0	Developer
drl7x	lclint	1	No specific role
drl7x	splintpp	0	No specific role
drl7x	splint	1	Developer
drlabs	netsteal	1	No specific role
drlean	irsr	1	Project Manager
drlean	irsim	1	Developer
drlean	irsf	1	Project Manager
drlecter_gulli	jdirlist	1	Developer
drllama	gpsblender	1	No specific role
drlogic	pipes	1	Project Manager
drluz	satine	1	No specific role
drm237	thonims	0	Developer
drmacro	exslfo	1	No specific role
drmacro	pdf4j	1	Project Manager
drmacro	grove4j	0	Developer
drmacro	xiruss-t	1	No specific role
drmacro	dita-ot	0	Developer
drmalte	party	0	No specific role
drmaniac	a2speedholder	1	No specific role
drmaples	phpfb4	0	Developer
drmartens	insomia	0	Developer
drmartinus	dmcounter	1	Project Manager
drmartinus	pblang	1	Project Manager
drmarvin	usenetzipproc	1	No specific role
drmay	orma	1	No specific role
drmay	logicdoor	1	No specific role
drmccoy	scummvm	0	Developer
drmccoy	dmcradio	1	No specific role
drmccoy	dmlwpn	1	No specific role
drmccuistion	bouncefw	1	No specific role
drmctchr	varmsgparser	1	No specific role
drmctchr	excalibar	0	Developer
drmike2	randtest	1	No specific role
drmilde	eclipse-annotat	1	No specific role
drmills	jsf-security	1	No specific role
drmills	adf-ant	1	No specific role
drmlipp	jped	1	Project Manager
drmlipp	wfmopen	1	Project Manager
drmn	jradius	1	Project Manager
drmontano	harmless	0	No specific role
drmorden	widelands	0	No specific role
drmoreira	msqlrdd	1	No specific role
drmoreira	rddpgsql	0	No specific role
drmoriarty	surok	1	No specific role
drmorris	moodytunes	1	Developer
drmorris	iglu	1	Project Manager
drmorten	swesqlledger	0	Developer
drmusser	shadownet	1	Project Manager
drmusser	osxpass	1	No specific role
drmweb	phpcrunch	1	No specific role
drnachete	granada	1	All-Hands Person
drnager	objectblox	1	Developer
drneil	shell-fish	1	Developer
drnemi	phpfaces	0	Developer
drnemo	nemodb	1	Project Manager
drnoop	perl-es	1	No specific role
drnoop	jamx	1	No specific role
drnuker	darknessterror	1	No specific role
drnull_hmo	chmo	1	No specific role
drob92277	eternalware	1	All-Hands Person
drob92277	archangele	1	No specific role
droberge	chsuf	0	No specific role
droberge	condict	1	No specific role
droberge	openadndtk	1	Developer
drobert	jadeemail	1	All-Hands Person
drobert	jadeutil	1	All-Hands Person
drobert	sitetree	1	All-Hands Person
drobert	layout-taglib	1	No specific role
drobertsca	pvrbot	1	No specific role
drobiazko	kimas	1	Developer
drobins13	wpm	1	Project Manager
drobnox	klortho	1	All-Hands Person
drochner	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
drock2006	openats	1	No specific role
drock9787	virtual-hostess	0	Developer
droddey	cidlib	1	No specific role
droden	freenet	0	Developer
drodero	edirectorio	1	No specific role
drodriguezlo	firestormos	0	Developer
drodriguezlo	mvnecl	1	Project Manager
droeflap	mcdump	1	Developer
droell	acdk	0	Developer
droesen	proftp	1	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
droesen	proftpd	1	No specific role
droffo	sectionize	1	No specific role
drofzz	logstatsx	1	No specific role
drogatkin	arbat	1	No specific role
drogatkin	daywatch	1	No specific role
drogatkin	welldone	1	No specific role
drogatkin	xbox	1	No specific role
drogatkin	mediachest	1	Project Manager
drogatkin	jaddressbook	1	No specific role
drogatkin	ireceipt	1	No specific role
drogatkin	searchdir	1	No specific role
drogatkin	tjws	1	No specific role
drogers	webware	0	Developer
droggo	mypgp	1	No specific role
droggo	netbsd-soc	0	Developer
droggo	editgraf	0	Developer
drogher	fmmorpg	0	No specific role
drogoh	teknapng	1	No specific role
droguski	javaacl	0	Developer
droid_	dcxtoolsuite	0	Distributor/Promoter
drojen	zefiecast	0	Doc Writer
drokulix	xanaweb	1	No specific role
drokulix	odomatic	1	No specific role
drolem	datajuncture	1	No specific role
drolfe	sheltermanager	0	Developer
drolon	freeimage	1	Project Manager
dromedarian	ed209-bot	1	All-Hands Person
dromedary	perlzephyr	1	No specific role
dromok	dvforum	0	Developer
dron	dronix	1	Project Manager
dron13	battleships	1	Developer
dronamraju	restrev	1	No specific role
drone2537	chromium	0	Developer
droneboy	karaife	1	No specific role
drongo_driver	squidalyser	1	No specific role
dronhack	bbengine	0	No specific role
dronneberg	freedms	0	Tester
droobie79	chordinator	1	No specific role
droogz	mythreads	1	No specific role
droolin	idiotblocker	1	All-Hands Person
droopi	webspotblogging	0	Web Designer
droopy	plac	1	No specific role
droopy-seb	bdayscalendar	1	No specific role
droopyfun_	glibrary	0	Developer
dropbox	file-document	1	No specific role
dropcrosby	whitewiper	1	No specific role
droper1	analizator	1	No specific role
dropfred	om2t	1	No specific role
dropinboy	project1	0	All-Hands Person
droptchyald	phpircd	1	No specific role
droptchyald	phpwebproxy	1	No specific role
droptchyald	phpsmtpd	1	Project Manager
droptchyald	phpdevconsole	1	No specific role
droptchyald	tvlister	1	No specific role
dropzoneid	gaple	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dror27	vp1	0	Developer
drorb	artifactory	0	Developer
drorb	java-shell	0	Developer
drorb	jade-plugins	0	Developer
droren	ivm	0	Developer
drorharel	openqrm	1	Project Manager
drormata	zapatec	1	Developer
dror_sherman	kamajii	1	No specific role
drosado	sqlt	0	Developer
drosenfeld	sphere	0	Developer
drosensnap	thekbase	1	No specific role
drosihn	lilycore	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
drosihn	bpe	0	No specific role
drossi750	jlighter	1	No specific role
droth	epicurator	1	All-Hands Person
drothacker	checkrdf	0	Developer
drothacker	bblog	0	No specific role
drouk	tdp	1	Project Manager
droune	teapotware	1	Developer
droux	afrikaans	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
drovor	py-ace-updater	1	No specific role
drow	phizz-hqm	0	No specific role
drow34	wowrosterfr	0	Developer
drowmage	dewmap	0	No specific role
drowne	htmltoubb	0	Graphic/Other Designer
drowpass	synergy	1	No specific role
drowsey	wow-pa	1	Project Manager
drowtales	drowtales	1	Project Manager
drowz	xtensa	0	Developer
droyer	weblogger	1	No specific role
drozas	gturnos	1	No specific role
drozato	apache-asp-jp	1	No specific role
drozd	adns	1	No specific role
drozd	xtrace	1	No specific role
drozd	ecat	1	No specific role
drozd	snetcat	1	No specific role
drozd	slre	1	No specific role
drozd	shttpd	1	No specific role
drozd	py-icq	1	No specific role
drozdo	oplaty	1	No specific role
drpain	hastymail	0	Developer
drpangloss	aspectsharp	0	No specific role
drparallax	sharecms	1	Developer
drpeck	mortargame	1	No specific role
drpengo	qubero	1	No specific role
drpepper_	gps-tron	0	No specific role
drpepper_	jpcd	1	No specific role
drpetrea	jsettings	1	No specific role
drphil	lids	1	No specific role
drphilmcgraw	seriousbusiness	1	No specific role
drpizza	perfinfoservice	1	Developer
drplix	pinky	1	No specific role
drpollo	pspted	1	No specific role
drpollo	expert	1	No specific role
drpriceless	egadss	1	All-Hands Person
drpriceless	tap-apps	1	Project Manager
drpritch	freecloth	1	No specific role
drpsycho	leip	1	No specific role
drpsycho	paus	1	Project Manager
drpwr30	organosi	0	Developer
drpython	drpython	1	No specific role
drq	unheardof	0	Developer
drql	projectpi	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
drql	rpgce	1	No specific role
drquincy	multicom	0	No specific role
drqware	scud	1	No specific role
drrandom	naat-sushi	1	No specific role
drreagan	gmmessenger	1	No specific role
drrex	roamingeye	0	Developer
drrngrvy	cgi	1	No specific role
drrobin	jeans	1	No specific role
drroller	openemr	0	Tester
drrotmos	phpblosxom	0	No specific role
drrsplugin	drinnovations	1	No specific role
drrwebber	camprocessor	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
drrwebber	freeb-ubl	0	No specific role
drrwebber	emlvoting	1	No specific role
drrwebber	eprarena	1	No specific role
drs	u4x	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
drsaint	wixtool2	1	No specific role
drsampson	pagc	0	Distributor/Promoter
drsan	lattice-qcd	1	No specific role
drsasquach	chms-vandy	1	Developer
drschemer	schematics	0	No specific role
drschemer	schist	1	No specific role
drscholl	opennap	1	No specific role
drscott	kommplot	1	No specific role
drscream	xnet-irc	1	No specific role
drseb	executor	1	No specific role
drseb	asn1forj	1	No specific role
drseb	jlibnet	1	No specific role
drseek	crfile	1	Project Manager
drsigmund	relativeweb	1	No specific role
drskrud	ugene	0	Developer
drsla	distributed-ds	1	No specific role
drslashvohaul	sq7	0	Doc Writer
drsmall15	dynamicsig	1	No specific role
drsnuggles73	stgc	0	Developer
drspin2001	scriptures	0	Developer
drspliff	stal	1	No specific role
drstephe	coupa	1	No specific role
drstins	zierp	1	No specific role
drstrangelove	lnolinux2	0	No specific role
drsung	ethernut	0	Developer
drsweety	dna	1	Unix Admin
drsweety	crisoftricette	0	Developer
drtachyon	mp3bookhelper	0	Developer
drterm	kbbim	1	Developer
drthornton	jboss	0	Developer
drthundr	hexx	0	Developer
drtimguru	watsup	1	No specific role
drtimw	xoops	0	Developer
drtimw	training	1	No specific role
drtobes	tmcg2	1	Developer
drtomc	haskology	1	No specific role
drtrev	cpat	1	No specific role
drtrigon	fwinunrar	1	No specific role
drtrigon	pymoviemaker	1	No specific role
drtrigon	pygraphmath	1	No specific role
drtrigon	pyexemaker	1	No specific role
drtrigon	gesture	0	Developer
drtsui	freeguide-tv	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dru	qos	1	Developer
dru	qmfilt	1	No specific role
dru	blogbotrss	1	No specific role
druantia_john	druantia	1	Developer
drubort	tcdresearchlog	0	Developer
drucik	qsla	0	No specific role
drudo	flatpress	0	Graphic/Other Designer
drudzins	dracocli	1	Developer
drue	image-db-perl	1	No specific role
druega	gesso	0	Developer
druet	arbre	1	Developer
druet	profilereshop	1	Developer
druether	kimas	0	Developer
drug0i	fdlog	1	No specific role
drug0i	encrypted-chat	1	No specific role
drug0i	onx	1	No specific role
drugfreak	certcreator	1	No specific role
drugo	pnm2ppa	1	No specific role
drugs	hashpipe	1	No specific role
druid-	glgui	1	Project Manager
druid-cau	gpguess	1	No specific role
druid-cau	hcovert	1	No specific role
druid-cau	hcraft	1	No specific role
druid-cau	dfw	1	No specific role
druid-cau	divertit	1	No specific role
druid-cau	slackerx	1	No specific role
druid-cau	cau-dial	1	No specific role
druid-cau	agnomaly	1	No specific role
druid-cau	authgrab	1	No specific role
druid9	checkerss	1	No specific role
druida75	vivo	1	All-Hands Person
druidandy	jugpadova	0	Developer
druiddns	druiddns	1	Developer
druidvav	dosepa	1	No specific role
druidvav	dvforum	1	No specific role
druidvav	reloadcms	1	Unix Admin
druidvav	svesta	1	No specific role
druidvav	pikateka	1	Project Manager
druid_joey	gacpi	1	No specific role
druid_joey	onboardc	0	Developer
drujensen	butterflycode	1	Project Manager
druleeparsec	tapper	1	Project Manager
drumbsd	xburncd	1	No specific role
drumbsd	renicerd	1	No specific role
drumicube	torrentstrike	1	Developer
drumm	dean	1	All-Hands Person
drumm	ncmp	1	No specific role
drummano	myloganalyzer	1	No specific role
drummel33	mbuddy	0	No specific role
drummerman	phptm	1	Project Manager
drummerman	gnomegnation	0	Web Designer
drummerman	goallang	0	Web Designer
drummermom	theword	0	Tester
drummertom999	slickos	1	No specific role
drummondsoft	ant-ubertools	1	No specific role
drumrlc	sitex	0	Tester
drumsi	isportal05	0	Editorial/Content Writer
drumstik	rapids	1	No specific role
drumstik	valuhack	1	No specific role
drune	tovid	0	Developer
drungrin	lango	1	No specific role
drunkbum	pamie	0	Developer
drunkdwarf	mq2plugin	0	Developer
drunkenbloke	ifaape	0	Developer
drunkeneye	atar215-linux	1	No specific role
drunkenmidget	mallard	0	No specific role
drunkensanta	sqasmp	1	Project Manager
drunkensober	project402	0	No specific role
drunken_critch	asterisk	0	No specific role
drunkiegq	familycenter	1	No specific role
drunkmonkey00	fortluis	1	No specific role
drunky	cyberarmydirect	1	Developer
drunk_thug	newdos	1	No specific role
drunk_thug	openviper	1	No specific role
drunnels	graphite5d	1	Project Manager
drupi9	fancyerrors	1	No specific role
drupp527	airdave	1	No specific role
druppy	excalibar	0	Developer
drupy	drupy1	1	No specific role
druryl	textbanner	1	No specific role
drusellers	castleproject	0	Developer
drusenija	steelhalo	1	No specific role
drusselnahg	errare	0	Developer
drusus	logsurfer	1	Project Manager
druttis	psycle	0	No specific role
druzus	harbour-project	0	Developer
druzus	xharbour	1	No specific role
dru_peat	fusion4d	1	No specific role
drv	xemacs	1	No specific role
drv	bbdb	0	No specific role
drvan99	webcritter	1	No specific role
drvee	raceintospace	1	Developer
drvince	inv-stream-proj	1	Project Manager
drvlad	diceroll	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
drvlad	necroshredder	1	Project Manager
drvlad	pybs	1	No specific role
drvlad	kagiru	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
drvlad	passgenerator	1	No specific role
drwarp	mps	0	No specific role
drwav	reverb-news	1	No specific role
drwayne	dev-cpp	0	Support Manager
drwdrw	sonipy	1	No specific role
drwertron	icon-weathermap	1	No specific role
drwhite	dom4j	0	Developer
drwiii	rfk	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
drwilco	keyplex	1	No specific role
drwodka	elvesvsorcs	0	No specific role
drwodka	aka	1	No specific role
drwook	clicc	1	Project Manager
drwook	shadowsrising	0	Developer
drworld	spamcoprt	1	No specific role
drworley	uservfs	0	No specific role
drwowe	cg6000	1	No specific role
drwr	pykaraoke	0	Developer
drwr	pretex	1	No specific role
drwr	panda3d	1	Developer
drwr	paloma	1	No specific role
drwye	palib	1	Developer
drwye	authservlet	1	All-Hands Person
drwye	bjlib	1	Developer
drwye	hmmsdk	1	All-Hands Person
drwye	webblog	1	No specific role
drwye	webcounters	1	Developer
drwye	webstone	1	All-Hands Person
drwye	dimple	1	Developer
drwye	dvdweb	1	Developer
drwye	vissim	1	Developer
drwye	snl	1	Developer
drwye	randservice	1	All-Hands Person
drw_web	gplugins	0	Developer
dry7	rubook	1	No specific role
dryas	sind	0	Developer
drydenmaker	dry-fm	1	No specific role
drydenmaker	dry-pt	1	No specific role
drydock	owlapi	0	Developer
drykath	assistant-print	1	No specific role
drykovanov	mde	0	Developer
drylock	papaya	0	Developer
drynish	ddmap	1	No specific role
dryproc	wp-plugins	1	No specific role
dryschlo	pygarmin	0	Developer
drysten	pxml	1	No specific role
drytoast	jscorekeeper	1	No specific role
dryukov_1978	smartbuilding	1	No specific role
dryxel	codename-alex	0	Tester
drz	zope-book	0	Editorial/Content Writer
drzaiusx11	deadlycobra	1	Developer
drzap	projectcms	1	No specific role
drzap	gnome-schedule	1	Project Manager
drzap	utopsec	1	No specific role
drze	dzt	1	All-Hands Person
drze	nfstestmatrix	0	Developer
drzhouweiming	dsapi	1	No specific role
drzhouweiming	capi	1	No specific role
drzick	emart	1	No specific role
drzippie	morcegocms	1	No specific role
drzlo	lectures	0	No specific role
drzoid	pino3	1	Project Manager
drzoid	insomnia-httpd	1	All-Hands Person
drzoltan	agi	1	Developer
drzoltan	sarien	0	Developer
drzoltron	pgarc	0	Developer
drzoltron	eduplone	0	Developer
drzoltron	collective	0	Developer
drzoode	dengmx	0	Developer
drzoom	ctkm	1	Developer
drzoom	labycube	1	No specific role
drzoom	modlogan	0	Developer
drzoom	mtfi	1	Project Manager
drzoom	uromasyx	1	No specific role
drzoom	rapidozelot	1	No specific role
drzoom	smtpspamproxy	1	No specific role
drzoom	anteater	1	Developer
drzymo	wasp-messenger	1	Developer
drzz	cml	1	Developer
dr_	fsync	1	Developer
dr_ameer	asteriskadmin	1	Doc Writer
dr_ameer	ajaxometer	1	Developer
dr_amr	mcg	1	No specific role
dr_b	yatc	1	No specific role
dr_bazz	spm2-batch	1	No specific role
dr_bazz	r2agui	1	No specific role
dr_blez	avrforthlike	1	No specific role
dr_blue	axcis2	1	All-Hands Person
dr_brown	i8086emu	1	Project Manager
dr_c_hackworth	sloppyadm	0	Developer
dr_davenstein	vwx-cdev	0	Developer
dr_dave_berry	sml	0	Developer
dr_despondency	xtag	0	Developer
dr_doom	lifelines	0	Developer
dr_doom	p2d	1	No specific role
dr_dyango	sarazatella	1	No specific role
dr_dyango	pppepe	1	No specific role
dr_eam	immortalx	1	Developer
dr_evil_bottar	krcupdate	1	No specific role
dr_freemanstein	zpin	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dr_fresh	gograph	1	No specific role
dr_fresh	transbord	0	Developer
dr_gnu	freemed	1	No specific role
dr_gnu	emri	0	All-Hands Person
dr_gnu	photoseek	0	No specific role
dr_gonzalez	bioeval	1	Project Manager
dr_gonzo	tdp	1	Web Designer
dr_gothmog	the-link-king	1	No specific role
dr_hnb	metal-marines	1	Developer
dr_ivel	opengtoolkit	0	Developer
dr_i_jones	dijmailmng	1	No specific role
dr_jfloyd	fds-sv	0	Developer
dr_jimbob	coolplayer	0	Developer
dr_jleitch	daisygdi	1	No specific role
dr_jr_von_feldt	geebis	1	Developer
dr_jts	jts-topo-suite	1	No specific role
dr_kludge	leaf	0	All-Hands Person
dr_kludge	kissalice	1	Project Manager
dr_kludge	phpwebsite-comm	0	Developer
dr_lark	mp3burn	1	Developer
dr_maux	nautix	1	No specific role
dr_maux	mindx	1	Project Manager
dr_maux	freelords	0	No specific role
dr_maux	teg	0	No specific role
dr_maux	kwoodhammer	1	No specific role
dr_maux	lugddlect	0	No specific role
dr_maux	ggz	1	No specific role
dr_maux	crosswater	0	No specific role
dr_maux	cfml	1	Project Manager
dr_mohan	oss-assessment	0	No specific role
dr_noise	proposall	0	Developer
dr_np	bs-magic	1	No specific role
dr_of_chaos	phpgtkbuilder	1	No specific role
dr_ompaa	ocmod	1	Project Manager
dr_pepper	icqv7-t	1	No specific role
dr_pest	subwar	1	No specific role
dr_philly	somecadcam	1	All-Hands Person
dr_picu	war3d	0	Developer
dr_picu	airmission	1	Developer
dr_pron	faigts	1	Unix Admin
dr_prozac	e107pl	0	Developer
dr_prozac	e107	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dr_prozac	smfpl	0	Developer
dr_ridu	hector	0	No specific role
dr_slump	cssing	0	Developer
dr_slump	netoffice	0	Developer
dr_steelface	javaftp	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dr_steveb	moast	1	No specific role
dr_steveb	usarsim	1	No specific role
dr_tux	xalgo	1	No specific role
dr_vasquez	carbon-network	1	No specific role
dr_who	jxul	0	Developer
dr_zasder	zasuke	0	Project Manager
ds10	wintvcap-gui	1	Project Manager
ds10	tvbrowser	1	Developer
ds10025	e-sharepoint	0	Developer
ds2403	jzonic	0	Developer
ds2403	jings	0	Developer
ds611	drowtales	0	Developer
ds9	sendmail-wiki	1	No specific role
dsa	installpal	1	No specific role
dsa	doomoo	1	No specific role
dsa2004	qnc	1	Project Manager
dsa4fun	aiboagent	0	Support Manager
dsabenz	fapsbg	1	Developer
dsachin	linxter	1	No specific role
dsadilek	mrms	1	Developer
dsafari2000	narf-lib	0	No specific role
dsafari2000	rubynet	1	Developer
dsafari2000	raasucc	1	Developer
dsafari2000	svg4r	1	No specific role
dsafaryants	workflow-server	0	Developer
dsaff	junit	1	Developer
dsahern	fiostats	1	No specific role
dsahne	ds-mod	1	Project Manager
dsaint31	jakarta-k	0	Developer
dsainz	emi2lets	1	No specific role
dsalcedo	catgen	0	No specific role
dsalt	xine	0	Developer
dsalt	riscosnet	0	Developer
dsalvi	difmon	1	Project Manager
dsamersoff	xoops-pr	1	No specific role
dsamersoff	slowechko	1	No specific role
dsamersoff	libdms	1	No specific role
dsamsonoff	mx4j	0	Developer
dsamsonoff	mc4j	0	Developer
dsanchez2k	hdiv	0	Developer
dsanders1234	jake2	0	Developer
dsandersorem	openxdas	0	Developer
dsandras	openh323	0	Developer
dsaracin	calos	0	Developer
dsaric	htphasma	1	No specific role
dsartori	pgvb	1	Developer
dsas	rusfidogate	1	Developer
dsaulnier	pcgen	0	No specific role
dsavazzi	lugman	1	No specific role
dsb1971	mysqldumper	1	Developer
dsb3	quarterstaff	1	Developer
dsb3	xcc	1	No specific role
dsblank	gramps	0	Developer
dsbnz	dnrs	0	All-Hands Person
dsbragio	drc-fir	1	No specific role
dscaler	deinterlace	0	No specific role
dscarroll	nnbox	1	No specific role
dscassa	healthtrak	1	No specific role
dsch	qmwedit	1	Developer
dschafer	panda3d	0	No specific role
dschafroth	jmbase	1	No specific role
dscharfe	apfli	1	Developer
dschauer	winopen64	0	Developer
dscheck	wonder	0	Developer
dschepler	bashdb	0	Developer
dschepler	ddd	0	Developer
dschepler	scummvm	0	Developer
dscherer	visualpython	1	No specific role
dscherger	testpattern	1	No specific role
dschimpf	heat-meteo	0	Developer
dschleef	gstreamer	0	Developer
dschleef	schrodinger	0	Developer
dschleef	rt-com	0	No specific role
dschleef	autostars	0	No specific role
dschleef	codecs	1	Developer
dschleef	ktimetrace	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
dschleef	plplot	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
dschleef	swfdec	1	No specific role
dschleef	dirac	0	Developer
dschleef	elinux	0	Developer
dschlyder	alleg	0	Developer
dschmelzer	deinterlace	1	Web Designer
dschmenk	astroccd	1	No specific role
dschmenk	palmapple	1	Developer
dschmid3	qdif	1	Developer
dschmied	dacca	1	Project Manager
dschnepper	firebird	0	No specific role
dscho	imageja	1	Developer
dscho	lily4jedit	0	Developer
dscho	libvncserver	1	No specific role
dscho	libwebserver	0	Developer
dschommer	dracocli	1	Project Manager
dschon2006	pmgsuite	1	Developer
dschones	cread	1	Developer
dschoutens	dajer	0	No specific role
dschranz	anne2d	0	Developer
dschreber	scmws	1	No specific role
dschudy	grobots	1	No specific role
dschuff	spinach	1	Developer
dschulte	wpcal	0	Developer
dschumka	vipsone	1	Project Manager
dschutschi	j-algo	0	No specific role
dschwartz	rsspub	1	Support Manager
dschwer	duns	1	Developer
dschwind	chicabyte	1	No specific role
dsciascid	rmijungle	0	Developer
dscnet	schooldata	1	No specific role
dscnet	votol	1	No specific role
dscnet	biblioman	1	No specific role
dscollon	organag	1	No specific role
dscompsol	herderdb	1	Project Manager
dscorp	five	1	No specific role
dscorp	open-blog	1	Project Manager
dscorp	openblog	1	Project Manager
dscorp	myforward	1	No specific role
dscott	jabberapplet	1	Project Manager
dscottie	spca50x	1	Developer
dscottwheeler	jxref	1	Developer
dscottwheeler	osdk-tools	1	No specific role
dscottwheeler	fck-faces	1	Project Manager
dscoular	r-engine	1	No specific role
dscsim	dscsim	1	No specific role
dscully	dummyprojforlan	1	Developer
dscuric	hmcenter	0	Developer
dsdale	matplotlib	1	Developer
dsdel	nyxsql	1	No specific role
dsdiv	dackup	1	No specific role
dsd_	alauda	1	No specific role
dsd_	usbat2	0	Developer
dsd_	touchcal	1	No specific role
dseagrav	nassp	1	Developer
dsearles	pn-commerce	0	No specific role
dsecrieru	sowar	1	Developer
dsecrieru	lfc	1	Project Manager
dsegan	dejavu	1	Developer
dsegan	es-innd	0	Developer
dseidl	vscweb	0	All-Hands Person
dseki	j3di	1	No specific role
dseki	jgurps	1	Project Manager
dsemanisin	actionmmo	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dsenie	qpopper	0	Developer
dserpell	pastemage	1	No specific role
dsevilla	orbframe	1	No specific role
dsew	qref	0	Developer
dsf	ocamlffi	1	Developer
dsf	z505hs	1	No specific role
dsfinternet	messengera2z	1	No specific role
dsfreitas	atcipher	0	No specific role
dsgba_project	dspad-dsmouse	1	No specific role
dsginosa	tr-ircd	0	Developer
dsha	xanswer	0	Developer
dsha	mixnet	1	Project Manager
dshadija	tramframework	1	All-Hands Person
dshadovi	jscal	1	No specific role
dshadow	shadowirc	1	No specific role
dshadow	feds	0	Developer
dshadowwolf	freedce	0	No specific role
dshadowwolf	manplus	1	All-Hands Person
dshaligram	crawl-ref	0	Developer
dshamlin	firebird	0	Developer
dshane714	phpwebappadmin	1	No specific role
dshankar	vamp-busters	0	Developer
dshannon	probotdevtools	1	No specific role
dshannon	snipper	1	No specific role
dshao	logicaltext	1	No specific role
dsharp	mysql--	1	Project Manager
dshaw	pythoncredit	1	No specific role
dshaw858	sg3d	1	Developer
dshaw858	liquid-light	1	Developer
dshaw858	palimpsest	1	No specific role
dshaw858	ds-crypt	1	No specific role
dshay	mvpmc	0	Developer
dshay	mythroku	1	Project Manager
dshearer2	connectionism	1	No specific role
dsheehanau	ftmon	1	Project Manager
dshejko	await	1	Project Manager
dsheldon_tbx	fathomfive	1	Developer
dshell	playerstage	0	Developer
dsheller	streamsicle	0	Developer
dshellman	iscreen	1	No specific role
dshield	dshield	1	Project Manager
dshills	rpm-pkgbuild	1	Project Manager
dshipton	vrjtoolbox	1	Developer
dshipton	vrjuggler	1	Developer
dshipton	ggt	0	Developer
dshipton	isugamedev	0	Developer
dshipton	flokk	1	No specific role
dshipton	xml-cppdom	0	Developer
dshoelzer	lassie	1	No specific role
dshr	lockss	1	No specific role
dshteyn	sashimi	1	Developer
dshteyn	biosap	0	Tester
dshteyn	probepicker	1	Developer
dshu	wsfuzzer	0	Developer
dshuck	cfopenbb	0	Developer
dshuck	boardfusion	0	Developer
dshultz	animemonitor	1	No specific role
dsias	xdocumentor	1	No specific role
dsias	fink	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
dsiegel	glorp	1	No specific role
dsifry	jibot	1	Developer
dsigurds	opentss	1	No specific role
dsiktberg	aolserver	0	Developer
dsilberman	diksel	0	All-Hands Person
dsilvers	dsilvers	1	No specific role
dsilvestre	dangerflow	1	No specific role
dsilvestre	jotoshop	1	No specific role
dsilvestre	jchip8	1	No specific role
dsimader	sql-ledger	1	Project Manager
dsingleton	sdio-linux	1	No specific role
dsinha	officeforall	1	No specific role
dsinotte	fuelconscalc	1	No specific role
dsitco	wadk	1	No specific role
dsjanzen	jquery	1	Project Manager
dsjen	uncdendvis	1	Project Manager
dsjoshi	indlinux	0	Developer
dsj_shock	hamsam	1	All-Hands Person
dskinner	ipm-hpc	1	No specific role
dskinner	transitfox	1	No specific role
dskippy	topsl	1	Project Manager
dskippy	dirtywater	1	Developer
dskippy	php-calendar	0	Developer
dskoll	rp-l2tp	1	No specific role
dsk_in_2006	opendos	1	Developer
dslewis	imap-agent	1	No specific role
dslewis	logthis	1	No specific role
dslipp	mamcom	1	No specific role
dslipp	heat-meteo	0	All-Hands Person
dslottje	taokgame	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dslusky	mudpro	1	No specific role
dsmaartens	meteosatlib	1	Developer
dsmaiden	mythreads	0	Support Technician
dsmall0	orbeon	1	Developer
dsmatthews	k3d	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
dsmeed	frontierkernel	0	Developer
dsmg	jca1cadapter	0	Developer
dsmith	mixp	1	All-Hands Person
dsmith	gkrellmoon	1	No specific role
dsmith	scwm	1	Developer
dsmith1113	autoalien	0	Tester
dsmith1547	dcm4che	0	Developer
dsmith3689	open-ftir	1	Developer
dsmits	gtelad	1	Developer
dsmoker	pkdump	1	No specific role
dsnog	exterminator	1	Developer
dsnt	hydrocms	0	Developer
dsodol	webgear	1	No specific role
dsoest	libani	1	No specific role
dsoffer	convergegame	0	Developer
dsohn	bugkilla	1	Project Manager
dsohn	jpdfunit	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dsohn	antidoto	1	Support Manager
dsolimando	bubbledisk	1	No specific role
dsomar	rbopensource	0	Developer
dsomnar	dsdevguild	0	All-Hands Person
dsonet	jsvm2	1	No specific role
dson_za	eduslug	0	Developer
dsor	libido	1	No specific role
dsosnoski	xbis	1	No specific role
dsosnoski	wsswrapper	1	No specific role
dsosnoski	jibx	1	Developer
dsosnoski	jargp	1	No specific role
dsouflis	aopclsuite	1	No specific role
dsouflis	tinyscheme	1	No specific role
dsoulayrol	dreamos	1	Tester
dsoundmn	keepasssd	0	Tester
dsoundmn	phpsupershop	1	Project Manager
dsouth	jpong	1	No specific role
dsouthard	jposs	0	Developer
dspair	sqlshout	1	No specific role
dspanky	pscan	1	All-Hands Person
dsparling	delaycalc	1	No specific role
dsparling	fretcalc	1	No specific role
dsparling	websync	1	No specific role
dspaude	mtflashwiz	0	Developer
dspenkel	mzutils	1	Project Manager
dspenkel	composestar	0	Developer
dspeyer	freeciv-test	1	No specific role
dspeyer	esheet	1	No specific role
dspiljar	mboxgrep	1	No specific role
dspin	socketpipe	0	Project Manager
dspoljaric	fuca-online	1	Developer
dsposx	shtoom	0	Developer
dsposx	pyobjc	0	No specific role
dsposx	unixnpi	0	Developer
dsprague	openstil	1	Project Manager
dspruce	ispyb	1	No specific role
dspt	bitweaver	0	No specific role
dspurgeon	ajaxtags	1	Project Manager
dsp_llnl	biosconfig	0	Developer
dsp_llnl	bluesmoke	0	Developer
dsp_llnl	lxbios	1	Developer
dsquires	dynastic	1	No specific role
dsquirrel	largorecipes	1	No specific role
dsquirrel	reciperpc	1	No specific role
dsquirrel	proximodo	0	Developer
dsrbecky	fractals	1	No specific role
dssec	stext	1	No specific role
dssoft	shistory	0	No specific role
dsswanson	peeweemanager	0	Developer
dsswanson	lanreg	1	Project Manager
dstacey	odf4j	0	No specific role
dstachow	kuml	1	Analysis / Design
dstagner	nomen	0	No specific role
dstaheli	sub-sonic	0	Web Designer
dstahlke	statevis	1	No specific role
dstahlke	swathviewer	1	No specific role
dstamour	freepb	1	No specific role
dstanek	gimini	1	Developer
dstanek	gomer	1	No specific role
dstanek	kid-template	1	Developer
dstanek	ispconfig	0	Developer
dstang	maxima	0	Developer
dstang	cinepaint	0	Developer
dstang	clisp	0	Developer
dstankard	javascribe	1	No specific role
dstanna	ploneskype	0	Web Designer
dstanna	ploneinvite	0	Web Designer
dstar	universe	1	Developer
dstarh	scriptables	1	Developer
dstarin	peerweb	1	No specific role
dstaudigel	glaucomy	1	No specific role
dstaudigel	deejay	1	No specific role
dstaudigel	chtmlexport	1	No specific role
dstautberg	lunchmaster	1	No specific role
dstazer	bobo-browse	0	No specific role
dstbstr	rtmb	0	Content Management
dstclair	julian	0	No specific role
dsteeber	jacol	0	Developer
dstei3175	openvote	0	No specific role
dsteinbrook	scherzo	1	All-Hands Person
dsteinkopf	phpswf	1	No specific role
dsteinkopf	wvdr	1	Developer
dstengle	eddie	0	Developer
dstenn	licq	0	Unix Admin
dstergiopoulos	atmelwlandriver	0	Developer
dsterry	letters	1	No specific role
dsterry	chatrphp	1	No specific role
dstevens	msi-repackaging	1	Project Manager
dstevens77	obiblio	1	Project Manager
dstewartsr	hcs	0	Developer
dstibbe	puyorockdisease	1	No specific role
dstibbe	wakaran	1	No specific role
dstieler	duc-ignition	1	No specific role
dstites1	activemap	0	Developer
dstjohn	scastd	1	No specific role
dstockdale	typo3xdev	0	Developer
dstocks	thelog	1	No specific role
dstogov	turck-mmcache	1	No specific role
dstokes	lanlord	1	No specific role
dstolerman	jedit	0	No specific role
dstrassberg	workiq	1	No specific role
dstretch	insult	1	All-Hands Person
dstruve	dotnetnuke-pcw	0	Developer
dstudent	neuronstorm	1	No specific role
dstudios	drmstudios	1	No specific role
dstutz	salt	1	Developer
dsuarez	log4tran	1	No specific role
dsuarezv	defectcontrol	1	No specific role
dsubota	donortrust	1	No specific role
dsuch	wmunit	1	Developer
dsuffiel	hpoj	1	Developer
dsuffiel	hplip	1	Project Manager
dsuffiel	hpinkjet	1	Project Manager
dsugar	studentadmin	1	No specific role
dsugar	pulpfile	1	Developer
dsugar100	selinux-ide	1	Project Manager
dsukhinya	openospc	0	No specific role
dsully	perl-cfd	0	No specific role
dsully	slimp3	0	Developer
dsumorok	pegasususbmacx	1	No specific role
dsundstrom	service-cache	0	Developer
dsundstrom	openejb	0	No specific role
dsundstrom	openecommerce	0	No specific role
dsundstrom	junitejb	1	No specific role
dsurovtsev	jswcl	0	Developer
dsurovtsev	twordis	1	Project Manager
dsuspense	personalblog	0	Developer
dsuspense	jukethat	1	No specific role
dsuspense	sharpsh3ll	1	No specific role
dsuttles	ai-standards	0	Developer
dsuttles	game-standards	1	No specific role
dsv46128292	filexplorer	1	No specific role
dsvorobjov	junitscenario	1	Project Manager
dswasey	netrek	0	Developer
dswasey	sml	0	Developer
dswatgelato	kerncomp	1	Developer
dswatgelato	ipbench	1	Developer
dswd	tnntpd	1	No specific role
dswei	mos	1	No specific role
dswilkerson	banshee	0	Developer
dswilkerson	cqual	0	Developer
dsx	scummvm	0	Developer
dsy6073	linuxdecophilip	1	Developer
dsyer	springframework	0	Developer
dsylva	damadesk	1	Developer
dsync	wirelessfr	0	Developer
dsyrstad	vitamin-o	1	No specific role
dsystemsgroup	dsystems-dmcb	1	No specific role
dsystemsgroup	dsystems-cmcb	1	No specific role
ds_emn1ty	wdpathtovictory	0	Graphic/Other Designer
ds_samir	casperlabs	0	Developer
ds_u	lansearch	1	No specific role
dt7131	jagorobots	1	No specific role
dt777	areath	0	Developer
dtafneto	blogamp	1	No specific role
dtagua	vorton	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dtalk	raymond	1	Project Manager
dtamborelli	itt	1	No specific role
dtamborelli	engenhoca	1	No specific role
dtamborelli	dsql	1	No specific role
dtamborelli	ddelivery	1	No specific role
dtamborelli	dofx	1	No specific role
dtamborelli	dfriends	1	No specific role
dtamborelli	demailer	1	No specific role
dtamborelli2	sgdta	1	Project Manager
dtamborelli2	jtruco	1	No specific role
dtamborelli2	jdatareports	1	No specific role
dtamborelli2	javashop	1	No specific role
dtanasie	phpbb2modificat	1	Developer
dtashley	ijutools	1	No specific role
dtashley	esrg	1	No specific role
dtauzel	jxquick	1	No specific role
dtauzel	qare	0	No specific role
dtaye0	yeha	0	Project Manager
dtaye0	ethiopica	1	No specific role
dtaylor	ppstats	0	No specific role
dtbailey	rhss	0	Developer
dtc	maxima	0	Developer
dtcheng	celerity	1	Project Manager
dtcwee	tabledance	1	No specific role
dtdavis	xmsf	0	No specific role
dtdb	schedg	0	Developer
dtdb	rungamit	0	Developer
dtebbs	distproc	1	No specific role
dtechnic2000	lang-translator	1	Developer
dtecta	freesolid	1	Developer
dtecta	solid	0	Developer
dtektonidis	agentacademy	0	Tester
dtemps	talos	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dtemps	cw-catalog	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dtemps	cw-ums	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dtemps	cw-search	1	Project Manager
dtemps	tinymarbles	1	Project Manager
dterral	transfolio	0	Developer
dterral	parcours-images	0	Developer
dtev001	emdebian	0	Web Designer
dteviot	ceguisharp	0	Developer
dtgis	combuilder	1	No specific role
dtgriscom	betterping	1	No specific role
dthaker	challengeos	0	Developer
dthartman	phpmynews	1	No specific role
dthein	leo	0	Developer
dtheriot2	lidar-index-api	1	No specific role
dthieben	iproman	1	Developer
dthierbach	antares	1	No specific role
dthierbach	rivatv	0	Developer
dthierbach	pythonmidi	0	Developer
dthierbach	nv-tv-out	1	Project Manager
dthigpen	cvs-get	1	Project Manager
dthoma	dosfortune	1	No specific role
dthoma	cleanl	1	No specific role
dthoma	prngcollection	1	No specific role
dthomalla	jmasqdialer	1	No specific role
dthompso99	ocdms	1	No specific role
dthomson	perlorb	1	No specific role
dthomson	fnorb	1	All-Hands Person
dthoroughgood	cel	0	Doc Writer
dthorp	hotsheet	1	Developer
dthought	callercgi	1	No specific role
dthulson	crownandcutlass	1	Project Manager
dthurman	ccandwb	0	Tester
dthurston	toppler	1	No specific role
dtibbe	rtb-team	0	No specific role
dtiberio2	mtop-cb	1	No specific role
dtiburcio	fortesreport	0	Tester
dtidrow	meta-jb	0	Developer
dtii	simplemyadmin	0	No specific role
dtii	openeducate	0	Developer
dtikhonov	sql-tidy	1	No specific role
dtiller	mc-spiker	1	No specific role
dtiller	project-vdw	1	No specific role
dtim	ray	0	Developer
dtim	tracefx	1	All-Hands Person
dtint87	jaccessmngr	0	Developer
dtj	pigimp	1	No specific role
dtj	vacm	1	No specific role
dtj	libgessie	1	No specific role
dtjandra	surabaya	1	No specific role
dtk2006	winvnkey	1	Developer
dtk2006	hanviet	1	No specific role
dtkman	diverse	1	Developer
dtliu	bjpro	1	No specific role
dtmateo	broke-aid	1	Developer
dtmilano	gnome-tla	1	No specific role
dtmilano	jglade	1	No specific role
dtmoser	diffuse	1	No specific role
dtmoser	simplehangul	1	No specific role
dtmoser	mush	1	No specific role
dtm_uk	dtmbbs	1	No specific role
dtnghi	ivtk	0	Developer
dtnguyen	ldmanager	1	No specific role
dto	octalmachines	1	Developer
dtolpin	texhyphj	1	No specific role
dtolton	hydracluster	1	Project Manager
dtolton	cl-cookbook	0	Editorial/Content Writer
dtomilson	phpnuke65-cpg	0	Tester
dtompkins	java3d	1	No specific role
dtones	dubengine	1	Project Manager
dtonhofer	m3p-comm	1	No specific role
dtony	s64tgz	1	No specific role
dtoppo	raphpoker	0	Developer
dtorok	freeguide-tv	0	Developer
dtorok	apg	1	Developer
dtoshack	typo3xdev	0	Developer
dtownsmr	geeboss	0	No specific role
dtperik	phpmysite	1	Project Manager
dtph	phpmysiteadmin	1	No specific role
dtportnoy69	seedframework	0	Developer
dtr	dmotd	0	Developer
dtranche	turbopad	0	Porter (Cross Platform Devel.)
dtrauma	dofg	1	Developer
dtreiman	quartztv	1	No specific role
dtrembla	freewrl	0	No specific role
dtremblay	openwiki-ng	0	Developer
dtremea	qmailadmin	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dtremea	plone-i18n	1	Developer
dtremea	plone	0	Developer
dtremea	archetypes	0	Developer
dtremea	vpopmail	0	Developer
dtremea	zcomix	1	All-Hands Person
dtremea	m560x-driver	0	Developer
dtremea	collective	1	Developer
dtremenak	bzfsgui	1	Project Manager
dtremenak	bzflag	0	Developer
dtremenak	brlcad	0	Developer
dtremenak	domainicator	1	Developer
dtremenak	efum	1	No specific role
dtremenak	libirc	0	Developer
dtremenak	bkm	1	Developer
dtrg	pcemu	1	No specific role
dtrg	primemover	1	Developer
dtrg	sqmail	1	Project Manager
dtrg	stellation	1	No specific role
dtrg	tack	1	No specific role
dtrg	spey	1	No specific role
dtrocchio	mymediajukebox	1	No specific role
dtroller	pul	1	Developer
dtrotzjr	sword	0	Developer
dtrotzjr	christiangame	0	No specific role
dtrotzjr	readingplanner	1	No specific role
dtrotzjr	biblecs	1	Project Manager
dtrotzjr	drivewatch	1	Developer
dtrumpower	duknetframework	1	No specific role
dtruong	lportal	0	Developer
dts12	net-snmp	1	Developer
dtscott	metabolic1491	0	Developer
dttsp	dttsp	1	No specific role
dttyszka	ilapse	1	No specific role
dtu17	wumpus	0	All-Hands Person
dturi	dig	1	No specific role
dturi	taverna	1	Analysis / Design
dturi	instancestore	1	No specific role
dturi	owlapi	0	Developer
dturnbull	frobnitz	1	Project Manager
dturner	omnigene	0	Developer
dturover	cshoot	1	Project Manager
dtuset	c2xml	0	No specific role
dtux101	cmapp	0	Developer
dtv	jaseco	0	Developer
dtv	tuxserver	1	Project Manager
dtvale	adaptweb	0	No specific role
dtvg	fiction2d	1	No specific role
dtvie	plone-i18n	0	Developer
dtynan	dbow	1	Project Manager
dtynan	beanie	1	No specific role
dtype	pks	1	No specific role
dtype	freestandards	0	Developer
dtype	boa	0	No specific role
dtype	lsb	0	Developer
dtype	hphd	1	No specific role
dtype	thormail	1	No specific role
dualfusion	auto-mp3	1	No specific role
duality72	winguitest	0	Developer
duality72	sqlfairy	0	Developer
dualops	dualops	1	No specific role
duan60	wapmon	1	Developer
duan60	tpms	1	No specific role
duanecato	anonysharebcy	1	No specific role
duaneg	linux-qla2xxx	0	Developer
duanegran	patacriticism	1	Developer
duanegriffin	kent	1	All-Hands Person
duanegriffin	pernband	0	Developer
duanejeffers	nsisphouse	1	No specific role
duanejeffers	bl0rp	0	Developer
duanekaufman	biomasstoliquid	1	No specific role
duanem	extendamac	0	Developer
duanestorey	crossroads	1	No specific role
duanetharp	netsuiteroot	1	No specific role
duante	oflserver	1	No specific role
duanwsh	jipp	1	Project Manager
duardor	opennuke	0	No specific role
duat	algol68	0	Developer
dub98xfs	elmutt	1	No specific role
dubainomad	dubainomad	1	No specific role
dubaut	gbooklite	1	Support Manager
dubbayu_d_40	obix	0	No specific role
dubbeld	tftp4java	1	No specific role
dubbeld	d211	1	No specific role
dubbels	mged	0	All-Hands Person
dubdub	psycle	0	No specific role
dubeaum	ftpbean	1	Developer
dubey_h	indus	0	Developer
dubey_linux	compiere-mfgscm	0	Developer
dubik	hpl	1	Project Manager
dubin	clusutils	0	No specific role
dubin_2005	odb	1	Developer
dubio	phpinventoryman	0	Tester
dubiousdave	gtkmedia	1	No specific role
dubiousdave	designlet	0	Developer
dublet	dhttpd	1	Project Manager
dublet	orbitsim	1	No specific role
dublet	cdsh	1	Developer
dublet	keeper	1	Project Manager
dublet	ttig	1	No specific role
dublin8	oncor	0	Developer
dubman	cgupnpjava	0	Developer
dubman	xmltv	0	Developer
dubman	rshd	1	No specific role
dubmood	fragdb	1	No specific role
dubnerm	mivmaz	1	No specific role
dubnerm	pywebmail	1	All-Hands Person
dubois	cxx	1	No specific role
dubois	numpy	0	Developer
dubois	pyfortran	1	No specific role
duboisd	demosys	0	No specific role
duboisvi	ojef	1	No specific role
dubosk	transbord	0	Developer
dubourguet	amis	0	No specific role
dubourguet	dsidtb	1	Project Manager
duboz	vle	0	Developer
dubravkor	osecs	1	No specific role
dubson	phet	0	No specific role
dubspeed	defender	1	Project Manager
dubwai	cb2java	1	No specific role
dubwarrior	hmcenter	0	Developer
dubya_r	datamixer	0	Analysis / Design
dubzio	coxserver	0	All-Hands Person
dub_andrei	embedded-ejb	1	No specific role
dub_andrei	jdoconfigurator	1	No specific role
duca	netradar	1	No specific role
ducati-monster	ecell	0	Developer
ducboy996	alfresco	0	Developer
ducheneaut	ogoglio	0	Project Manager
duchi_emma	bank-seta	0	Tester
duck008	xulfaces	0	Developer
duck9958	depnjeny	1	No specific role
duckatinet	tle2azel	1	No specific role
duckatinet	smf	1	No specific role
duckdodgers	presumo	1	Project Manager
duckdodgers	josrts	0	Developer
duckduckgoose	pong-3d	1	No specific role
duckedtapedemon	actiongame	0	No specific role
duckgo5	alicia	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
duckhunter	imap-email-mon	1	No specific role
ducki2p	dijjer	0	Web Designer
duckj2	tcljava	0	No specific role
ducklaw	easygal	1	Developer
duckle	muah	1	Developer
duckle	wafflecore	1	Project Manager
duckofdeath	webcamfunplus	1	No specific role
duckredding	crud2007	1	No specific role
ducksauce	finalquest	1	No specific role
duckworth	openftp	1	Developer
duckworthlewis	sqnt	1	No specific role
duckworthlewis	mailspy	1	No specific role
ducky_	iboy	1	No specific role
duck_of_borg	q4project	0	No specific role
duck_sf	tuxscreen	0	Developer
duclad	daowriter	1	Developer
ducleotide	dcopolis	1	Developer
ducon	javapsionlink	0	Developer
ducope	vess	0	Developer
ducoral	tiziu	1	No specific role
ductape	mentalunix	0	No specific role
ducthe59	dpsys	1	Developer
dudarts	z3n	0	No specific role
dudaskank	kqlives	0	No specific role
dudaskank	alsub	1	No specific role
dudaskank	mjpgalleg	1	Developer
duddo	dlxmleditor	1	No specific role
duddy_j	fastlib	0	Project Manager
dude03	winlin	1	Developer
dude2003	csgl	1	Developer
dude21	phpnet	1	Project Manager
dudekid	frat-accounting	0	Developer
dudekopp	safarikeywords	1	No specific role
dudelove20	tigerftp	1	No specific role
dudeman219	second-life	1	No specific role
dudeman219	spp	1	Developer
dudeness	crowchess	1	No specific role
dudenko	mymlfi	0	Developer
dudenose	phpz4	1	All-Hands Person
dudeofx	net-hoods	1	No specific role
dudeofx	giotto	1	Developer
dudeofx	escot	1	Developer
dudeofx	itanking	1	No specific role
dudeofx	vtoswaba	1	Developer
dudeofx	triassic	1	Developer
dudeonnet	nuketobb	1	No specific role
dudeonnet	phpnukeheb	1	No specific role
dudeonnet	phpbbheb	1	Project Manager
dudeonnet	phpfoxws	1	No specific role
dudepc	psock	0	Tester
duder	logpecker	1	All-Hands Person
duderino	open-outcomes	0	Doc Writer
dudes	wavemixer	1	Developer
dudesan	sonix	0	Developer
dudikohf	bosstcp	0	Developer
dudinea	userexitd	1	No specific role
dudi_pd	p12345678	1	No specific role
dudle	mug	1	Project Manager
dudleyc	xaraya	1	Developer
dudmc3	hydrotsm	1	No specific role
dudomann	tikipro	0	Tester
dudsdu	f3pc	1	Developer
duds_2k	bmotion	0	Developer
dudubaiao	openbound	1	No specific role
dududav	tersus	1	All-Hands Person
dudule5	free-eos	0	Web Designer
duduwill	sipsstt	1	No specific role
dudyk	easyh10	0	Developer
dudzisz	cerber	0	Web Designer
dueckes	jspchecker	0	Developer
duehr	getldapurl	1	No specific role
duelafn	cplproject	0	No specific role
duelin_markers	juploadr	0	Developer
duelli	glchess	0	Developer
duely	pyawb	1	No specific role
duenker	oraload	1	Project Manager
duenos	mien	0	Developer
duerer	vhstrain	0	Developer
duergner	din-phpbb	0	No specific role
duergner	lam	1	Developer
duergner	sv-manager	1	No specific role
duern	libvcd	1	Developer
duerra	eaccelerator	0	Editorial/Content Writer
duerra	ontime	1	No specific role
duerrj	caudium	0	No specific role
duerrs	imemex	0	Developer
duesex	growl	1	Doc Writer
duesex	colloquy	0	Developer
duesex	osxnotifycenter	1	Project Manager
duesex	nosferatu	1	No specific role
duesex	joustsim	0	No specific role
duesex	joustim	0	No specific role
duesti	rpmsforsuse	1	No specific role
dueynz	newshowler	1	No specific role
dueynz	lanspy	1	No specific role
duf	openoffice	1	No specific role
duff0097	once	0	Developer
duff0097	astralflight	1	No specific role
duff2	betterlayers	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
duff2	bstring-mcc	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
duff2	texteditor-mcc	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
duff2	htmlview-mcc	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
duff2	yamos	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
duff234	soc2006spamd	1	No specific role
duff3	db2dot	1	No specific role
duffdol	monotomate	1	No specific role
duffian	idea-arch	1	No specific role
duffiana	borges	1	No specific role
duffmanohyeah	xawdecode	0	Developer
duffpl	ktell	1	No specific role
duffsstuff	sourcewebengine	1	Project Manager
duffy	tovu	1	Project Manager
duffy399	vts	0	Developer
duffy666	smallgp	1	No specific role
duffyc7	rubysteps	1	No specific role
duffyd	collective	0	Developer
duffyd	plone-i18n	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dufoli	axsel	0	No specific role
dufourko	tism	1	No specific role
dufourko	osc-util	1	No specific role
dufourri	k10	1	Developer
duftler	wsdl4j	1	Project Manager
dufus04	phpnode	1	No specific role
dufuz	powerdnsadmin	1	No specific role
dufy2	jsynoptic	0	No specific role
dugazone	grapher	0	Developer
dugenie	agora	1	No specific role
dugforrester	timecards	1	No specific role
dugg	spacelaw	1	No specific role
duggaraju	jedit	0	No specific role
dughdaren	blosxom	0	No specific role
dugi1	hmcenter	0	Developer
dugibm	wsrx	1	No specific role
dugnamtar	loxotron	1	No specific role
dugsong	libdnet	1	No specific role
dugsong	dsniff	1	No specific role
dugues	paiol	1	No specific role
duhanebel	lau	0	Developer
duhaut	anaxagora	0	Developer
duheaume	yapboard	1	No specific role
duhprey	kbooks	1	Project Manager
duhprey	cs-pinball	1	Project Manager
duhzine	coredistro	1	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
duisendpoot	sokobansolver	1	No specific role
dujavi	ride-gaming	0	Developer
dujavi	ftdsuite	1	All-Hands Person
dujo	dujo	1	Project Manager
dujo	jamagic	1	All-Hands Person
duk0rz	icrontic	1	Developer
dukat	jkc	1	No specific role
dukat74	nsnam	0	Developer
duke	snakeskin	1	All-Hands Person
duke2601	nitro-mod	1	No specific role
duke4e	openarkanoid	1	No specific role
duke4e	planethazard	1	Project Manager
duke4ever79	oma-scts	0	No specific role
duke8	unimod	0	Developer
duke8	epicurus	1	Project Manager
duke9	tuxaator	1	No specific role
duke9	mailman	0	Developer
dukeastar	vendettainactif	1	No specific role
dukebit	web-bits	1	No specific role
dukechin	yarr	1	No specific role
dukegr	frienznetwork	1	No specific role
dukejansen	wiwa	1	No specific role
dukejeffrie	shob	1	Project Manager
dukejeffrie	carbonite	1	No specific role
dukejeffrie	tinymarbles	1	All-Hands Person
dukejeffrie	talos	1	No specific role
dukejeffrie	arca	1	Developer
dukejeffrie	cw-search	1	No specific role
dukejeffrie	cw-ums	1	No specific role
dukejeffrie	cw-catalog	1	No specific role
dukejoe	endpoint	0	Developer
dukelupus	rtf2html-lite	0	Developer
dukepyrolator	denora	0	Developer
dukey123	tikipro	0	No specific role
duke_nuke	linuxarca	1	No specific role
dukian	plone-i18n	0	Developer
dukintosh	colimamud	0	Content Management
dukky	idrink	1	Project Manager
dukky	drinkandtrack	0	Developer
dukope	prboom	0	Developer
dukus	mp-plugins	0	Developer
dulcaoin	gccg	0	Developer
dulcaoin	ldview	0	Developer
dulcetguy	lesser-libs	0	Developer
dulcetguy	icescan	0	Developer
dulci	eclipsedata	1	Developer
dulcimer	poemud	0	Developer
dule123	avida	0	Developer
duleba	duleba-cenzurki	1	No specific role
dulek	aedo	1	Developer
duliga_de	duliga	1	Developer
dulimart	snapsource	1	No specific role
dulio	linxtris	1	No specific role
dulldusk	videocat	0	Developer
dulldusk	phpfm	1	Developer
dullerm	winsgl	1	No specific role
dulley	libglass	0	Developer
dullmann	javacccs	1	Developer
dullmann	nproxygen	0	Project Manager
dullmann	iiop-net	1	No specific role
dullmann	dnvnccl	1	No specific role
dullmann	el4net	0	Developer
dulloor	ymshell	1	Developer
dully	ctme-cvs-php	1	No specific role
dulman	rtdcos	1	Project Manager
duloup	plank	1	No specific role
dulvinen	aeromation	1	Developer
dum-dee-dum	dxf	1	Project Manager
dumais	tron7	1	All-Hands Person
dumanliyol	dumanliyol	1	No specific role
dumass	msu-garbage	1	Developer
dumas_lee	rtsp-downloader	1	No specific role
dumbbell	biniou	0	Developer
dumbbell	amptimes	1	Developer
dumberdrummer	snpyla	1	No specific role
dumbholle	cygnusos	0	No specific role
dumbledore3	vwx-cdev	1	No specific role
dumbrill	openworkbench	1	No specific role
dumbthingy	dumb-html	1	No specific role
duminda	zevengemeten	1	Developer
dumindar	mobilerss	1	No specific role
dumindar	mayura	1	Unix Admin
duminil	tulipsvgexport	1	All-Hands Person
dumith_eranga	sinhala	0	Developer
dumitran	unicraft	0	Developer
dumitran	matrix1	1	No specific role
dumitru_stama	dicsmod	1	No specific role
dumky	dnchat	1	No specific role
dumky	typekeydotnet	1	No specific role
dumky	tiwywiki	1	No specific role
dumky	hanyuquiz	1	No specific role
dumlmaster	duml	1	No specific role
dummies102	vcbbuilder	1	No specific role
dummyadmin	ircivil	1	No specific role
dummyuser	javaisdoomed	0	Developer
dumol	diacritice	1	No specific role
dumontcedric	bubica	1	Developer
dumontcedric	beetleflow	1	No specific role
dumoulinm	bioengine	1	No specific role
dumoulinm	mathenjeu	0	Developer
dumpie	d-mail	1	No specific role
dumpie	inbalans	1	No specific role
dumple	ms2db	1	No specific role
dumprs	debian-rs	1	Project Manager
dumptruck52	osdldbt	0	Developer
dums	stlport	1	Project Manager
dumser	peapodpy	1	No specific role
dun3	nhag	1	No specific role
dun3	apt-got	1	No specific role
dunai2004	hammurapi	0	No specific role
dunamis	puzzlecms	1	No specific role
dunbal	dunsiokclone	1	No specific role
dunblane74	npsnetv	0	Developer
duncan	kew	1	No specific role
duncan	gnome-look	1	No specific role
duncan	uberunit	1	All-Hands Person
duncan	build-o-matic	1	All-Hands Person
duncan	jester	1	All-Hands Person
duncan-doit	ogg-cut	1	No specific role
duncan-idaho	sekoya-games	0	Web Designer
duncan2	jedi-sdl	1	Developer
duncan2	soaos	0	Developer
duncan94040	rocketworkbench	1	Project Manager
duncanaubrey	werdafucami	1	Developer
duncanb	sarissa	0	Developer
duncanb	collective	0	Developer
duncanb	archetypes	0	Tester
duncanb	epocpython	0	No specific role
duncandickinson	jext-plugins	0	Developer
duncandickinson	jext	1	Developer
duncanlegge	geneontology	0	No specific role
duncanma	subtext	0	Developer
duncanoconner	qtcl	0	Developer
duncanparsons	delphiasiovst	0	Developer
duncansands	linux-usb	0	Developer
duncanwebb	freevo	0	Developer
duncan_bayne	dougal	1	No specific role
duncan_bayne	tracetail	1	No specific role
duncan_bayne	count	1	No specific role
duncan_bayne	narg	1	No specific role
duncan_coutts	gtk2hs	1	Developer
duncan_coutts	haide	1	Developer
duncan_ferguson	rdist	0	Developer
duncan_ferguson	clusterssh	1	Project Manager
duncan_g	xfsos	1	Developer
duncan_haldane	webcam	1	Developer
duncan_haldane	archimedes	0	Developer
duncan_haldane	pnm2ppa	1	No specific role
duncan_idaho	hyperiumsclient	0	Developer
duncan_nz	gramps	0	Support Technician
duncdawg	supercsbrothers	1	Developer
dunceor	ootirc	1	No specific role
duncf	spamassassin	0	Developer
dunc_lorimer	sigproc	1	No specific role
dunc_lorimer	psrpop	1	No specific role
dundee5	nors-2	1	No specific role
dundee5	nors-3	1	No specific role
dundeemt	pamie	0	Developer
dundeemt	pychelsea	1	No specific role
dune01	grapher	0	Developer
dune73	gtex-letter	1	No specific role
dunedon	megameknet	0	Developer
duneflower	thesphere	1	No specific role
dunerecords	vanadium	1	Developer
dunfy	mysqlmonitor	1	No specific role
dungbtm	mvnforum	0	Developer
dungdluong	openoss	0	Developer
dungeonmaster	mnemosynerefmgr	0	Developer
dungeonraiders	harpchargen	1	Developer
dungeon_master	ripg	1	No specific role
dungkaitai	qtguard	1	All-Hands Person
dungmai	hcbugtracker	1	No specific role
dungog	smecontribs	1	Developer
dungog	smeserver	0	Developer
dungog	e-smithcontrib	1	No specific role
dung_nguyen	jfirewallsim	0	No specific role
dunhamrc	wajei	1	No specific role
dunhamrc	sagasu	1	No specific role
dunhill_hw	dusk3d	1	No specific role
dunkelheit	publicvoicexml	0	Developer
dunkelheit	perldoc2	0	Developer
dunkelstern-de	dyncms	1	No specific role
dunkelstern-de	av-usbradio	1	No specific role
dunkfordyce	arianne	0	Developer
dunkfordyce	pywracer	1	Developer
dunkfordyce	hiss	1	No specific role
dunkfordyce	endo	0	Developer
dunkfordyce	dunelegacy	1	Developer
dunkfordyce	pyplace	0	Developer
dunkfordyce	snowballz	0	Developer
dunlapcj	openinv	1	No specific role
dunlavey	terk	0	No specific role
dunlord	jawos	1	No specific role
dunnaway	gplugs	0	Developer
dunng808	openslate	1	No specific role
dunnodev	netchat	1	No specific role
dunnoyoumeister	php4cms	1	Developer
dunnoyoumeister	vbmanagment	1	Developer
dunnys	dspack	1	Project Manager
dunos	bmotion	0	No specific role
duns	nukeaddon	0	Developer
duns63	pn-modules	0	Developer
dunsti	dml-vod	1	No specific role
dunuigboje	vutella	0	No specific role
dunwich42	openlp	0	Developer
dunx_org	nanoppix	0	Developer
duo	dsdevguild	0	No specific role
duodecimo	jbusiness	1	Developer
duodreamer	hlmonserv	1	Web Designer
duohong	fse	0	Developer
duologic	mooter	1	No specific role
dup	procs	1	No specific role
dup	sylpheeddoc	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
duponchel	vcard4j	1	Project Manager
dupuisc	springide-eclip	0	Developer
dupuy	musicbrainz	0	Developer
duquennekarl	jtennisclub	1	No specific role
duquette	tcllib	0	Developer
dur10p	leapproj	1	Project Manager
duracell80	ecvxml	1	No specific role
durachta	fms	0	Developer
durai	linstab	0	No specific role
duraid	lucille	0	Developer
duraid	ecolab	0	Developer
duraid	gmpia64	1	No specific role
durand3d	durand3d	1	Project Manager
durandual	polarisun	1	No specific role
durango8113	fidf	1	No specific role
durangopitts	donut	1	Developer
durangopitts	glassbox	0	Developer
durangopitts	openclinics	1	No specific role
durasm	fxts2-api	1	No specific role
durchanek	laszlophpmail	1	No specific role
durchbrenner	kfilm	0	Developer
durdanovic	a-s-m	0	Developer
durel_b	phpeclipse	0	Developer
durel_b	blobinside	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
durex	durex	1	Developer
durex	dex	1	Developer
durhammike	tonto-chem	0	Developer
duriel2k6	clansphere	1	Developer
durin	jam	1	No specific role
durin42	joustsim	0	No specific role
durin42	joustim	0	No specific role
durin42	adium	0	Developer
durin42	kowaleba	1	No specific role
durist	proc-ptable	1	No specific role
durktalsma	taxidraw	0	No specific role
durktalsma	erp	1	No specific role
durktalsma	flightgear	0	Developer
durky	freevote2	1	Project Manager
durky	gmailsite	1	All-Hands Person
durmieu	nitrito	1	Developer
durn2000	playerstage	0	Developer
durn2000	opstation-qt	0	No specific role
durnurd	ta-engine	1	No specific role
durnurd	gamedev	0	Doc Writer
duroalex	slondb	1	No specific role
duronboy	virtue	1	Developer
durr	aimud	1	All-Hands Person
durrada	enyware	0	Developer
durrada	identigrate	1	Project Manager
durrani	durrani	1	No specific role
durrer	mecbr	1	No specific role
durrik	mpiformoo	1	No specific role
durron	tap-apps	0	Developer
durten	ragnajag	0	Developer
durtle	v-h-c-p	1	No specific role
durzel	q4project	1	No specific role
dusanc	aiplanet	0	Developer
dusanic	synapseserver	1	No specific role
dusanjovanovic	wtl	0	Developer
dusankovacevic	projekat	1	No specific role
dusanmarjanovic	jircleecher	0	No specific role
dusanmsk	openwss	0	Developer
dusanp	apaint4	1	No specific role
dusda	torrentvolve	0	Editorial/Content Writer
dusdan	tango-cs	0	Developer
dushakov	peacemaker-jre	1	All-Hands Person
dushan	adminibs	1	Project Manager
dushaw	linux-7110	1	Doc Writer
dushbeer	stickybeak	1	No specific role
dushko	bonkenc	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dushyant	challangeos	0	Developer
dusia_	rebuses	1	No specific role
duskanubis	kwotes	1	No specific role
duskanubis	maleficus	1	Developer
duskdruid	tcpick	1	No specific role
duskdruid	anubi	1	No specific role
duskdruid	urpg	0	Developer
dusker	qosviz	1	No specific role
duskglow	kbview	1	No specific role
dusky_joe	fb-ref-german	1	No specific role
dusoft	phpexcelcreator	1	No specific role
dusoft	absolutengine	1	No specific role
dussere	colcows	1	Developer
dust-man	bute-gg-kinderg	1	No specific role
dustefjerten	amic	1	No specific role
dusti10	taittechgames	1	No specific role
dustin	skyserv	1	No specific role
dustin	spyjar	1	Developer
dustin	mailfw	1	No specific role
dustin	mundle	1	No specific role
dustin	photoservlet	1	No specific role
dustin82	vmmlib	0	Developer
dustinblad	phpvnc	1	No specific role
dustindiaz	dedchain	1	No specific role
dustinduse	filedflatfourms	1	Web Designer
dustinduse	gamaos	0	Web Designer
dustindw	sudoku-genie	0	Developer
dustinhass	jxa	1	No specific role
dustinimg	imgiant	0	Doc Writer
dustinsc	ofbiz	0	No specific role
dustinsorge	phpffl	0	Developer
dustintrammell	post-slack	1	Project Manager
dustintrammell	scmap	1	No specific role
dustintrammell	spamhole	1	Project Manager
dustintrammell	enumiax	1	No specific role
dustintrammell	libfindrtp	1	No specific role
dustin_kirkland	flames	0	Developer
dustin_kirkland	bogosec	0	Developer
dustin_little	javahr	1	Developer
dustismo	dsywindows	1	Developer
dustismo	nc-ouroborus	0	Developer
dustmachine	catapultframewk	1	Developer
dustmite	unconnected	1	Project Manager
dustofdust	csp	0	No specific role
dustpuppy	phpmyquery	1	No specific role
dustpuppy_de	passes	1	No specific role
dustsettles	ai-standards	0	No specific role
dustwolf	compintegration	1	No specific role
dustwolphy	rts-gamelib	1	No specific role
dusty003	mx240ad	1	Developer
dusty128	pyopc	1	Project Manager
dustyd	strangedownload	1	Developer
dustywill	tasktree	1	No specific role
dutch-v18	thecollective	1	No specific role
dutchcaramel	gb2	0	Doc Writer
dutchdabomb	kwanda	1	No specific role
dutchdre	fexy	1	Developer
dutchie_	pestats	1	Project Manager
dutchirc	dutchcms	1	No specific role
dutchmeat	otc6	0	Developer
dutchmega	datamag	1	No specific role
dutchpipe	dutchpipe	1	Developer
dutchroll	dutchroll	1	No specific role
dutchware	slidemaker	1	No specific role
dutler	monkeypublish	1	No specific role
duto	urbus	1	Project Manager
dutoit	sjsd	0	Developer
dutoit	xmes	1	No specific role
dutoitc	xut	1	No specific role
dutoitc	xatum	1	No specific role
dutoitc	gmindmap	1	No specific role
dutoitc	gimini	1	No specific role
dutoitc	mygps	1	No specific role
dutoitc	rezothello	1	Project Manager
dutoitc	shimeric	1	No specific role
dutoitc	pyut	1	Project Manager
dutone	codev	0	Developer
duu	witz	1	Developer
duunn	p-info-board	1	No specific role
duval-michael	sia-iage	0	No specific role
duvald	linux-iscsi	1	Project Manager
duvalgo	mole	1	No specific role
duvalkarim	seg	1	Developer
duvalkarim	rmol	1	Developer
duveit	gothe	0	No specific role
duvernois	anitacode	0	Developer
duvier	iching	0	No specific role
duvier	virtus	0	Developer
duvijan	soccerman	0	No specific role
duwke	diffsync	1	No specific role
dux0r	opex-cms	1	No specific role
duxxx001	phaser	0	Developer
duy	visiblenetwork	0	Developer
duyanning	cdrom2iso	1	Developer
duyanning	pl0incpp	1	No specific role
duyanning	shutters	1	No specific role
duycao	oscw	1	No specific role
duyleq	mpantry	1	No specific role
duymxr	mxrtoolkit	1	Developer
duzenko	leaf2	0	Developer
du_zhaohui	ipf-orc	1	Developer
dv13090	jmxtools	0	Project Manager
dv13090	quickfix	0	Developer
dv83d	javascriptnet	1	No specific role
dv8dan	calvingames-se	1	Graphic/Other Designer
dvadell	angel	1	No specific role
dvaill	stuntracer	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dvainsencher	ginsu	0	All-Hands Person
dvakhir	pg-system	1	No specific role
dvaldenaire	amco	1	Project Manager
dvaldenaire	homefinance	1	No specific role
dvaldenaire	galet	0	Developer
dvaldenaire	jlcg	1	No specific role
dvalfrid	ardato	1	All-Hands Person
dvalhalla	myjug-project	0	Developer
dvalin	dunelegacy	1	Project Manager
dvaluch	ddsgenerator	1	No specific role
dvandersluis	jsd	1	No specific role
dvanhaken	eolf	0	Developer
dvanherbergen	eclipsesql	1	Project Manager
dvanrensburg	peer-crs	1	No specific role
dvarrazzo	epydoc	0	Developer
dvarrazzo	sadic	1	No specific role
dvayanu	moskito	1	No specific role
dvb	ivdfs	0	No specific role
dvbellet	universibo	0	Developer
dvbellet	phpyabs	1	No specific role
dvbmatt	project-x	1	No specific role
dvbryant	wavpack	1	Developer
dvchaos	dos-box	1	No specific role
dvchaos	stealthexchange	1	No specific role
dvchaos	similarlinks	1	No specific role
dvchops	dragonkart	0	Developer
dvdeug	ngeadal	1	No specific role
dvdeug	mdate	0	No specific role
dvdeviant	peerguardian	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dvdeviant	clay3d	0	Graphic/Other Designer
dvdfrdmn	dgcc	1	No specific role
dvdgiessen	bitxeem	1	No specific role
dvdhaghen	tsync	1	Developer
dvdocf	benel	1	No specific role
dvdog	teal	1	Developer
dvdrip1	phpbb-tracker	0	Developer
dvdtoogm	dvdtoogm	1	No specific role
dvdw	widgetserver	1	No specific role
dvdwalt	kop	1	No specific role
dvdwiz	dvdweb	1	No specific role
dvdx_dev	dvdx	1	Developer
dvd_rw	opensos	1	No specific role
dvd_sp_helper	mm2d	0	Developer
dve	syssurvey	1	No specific role
dve845	padamo	0	Developer
dvelarde	amtueal	1	Developer
dvelazquez	linuxrc	1	No specific role
dveldhuizen	randommusic	1	No specific role
dventimi	simplejda	0	Developer
dverrett	utplsql	0	Developer
dverzolla	xrally	0	Developer
dverzolla	pfgen	1	All-Hands Person
dvestal	openshow	1	No specific role
dvf1976	klear	0	Developer
dvg60	sldragonproject	0	Developer
dvgil	os-sim	1	Developer
dvgil	reddo	1	Developer
dvgrn	golly	0	No specific role
dvhart	emmp	1	Project Manager
dvhart	cajun	0	Developer
dvianney	ptsbench	1	No specific role
dvianney	linuxperf	1	Project Manager
dvianney	lse	0	No specific role
dvicente72	loganlzr	1	Developer
dvicinanza	supercollider	0	No specific role
dvid	xermes	1	Developer
dviel	kiss-framework	0	Developer
dvijay	onepass	1	No specific role
dvik	bluemsx	1	Developer
dviner	mod-gsoap	1	No specific role
dviner	phpdocu	0	Developer
dviner	phpxindice	1	Developer
dvines	jewelbox	0	Developer
dvinograd	nstag-template	1	No specific role
dvious	gallery-contrib	0	Developer
dviswa	totalajax	1	No specific role
dvitaly	webarchivext	1	No specific role
dvkeeney	twoview	1	No specific role
dvkeeney	pduel	1	No specific role
dvlierop2	inkscape	0	Developer
dvlinh	uniquecms	0	Developer
dvlinh	gestatelier	0	Developer
dvlnx	clwrap	1	Project Manager
dvlpl	contentblox	1	All-Hands Person
dvlpl	qsimix	1	All-Hands Person
dvlpr	vss4iss	1	No specific role
dvlpr	medvedbot	1	No specific role
dvlrnz	srfcd	1	No specific role
dvm-avgoor	openibs	1	No specific role
dvmorris	fluidity	1	Developer
dvnull	clan-engine	1	No specific role
dvoelzke	redwood	0	Developer
dvoet	chires	0	Developer
dvoet	carbon	1	Developer
dvoet	mc4j	0	Developer
dvogel0	libpg	1	No specific role
dvoid	zerofps	1	Project Manager
dvoid	tanker	1	Developer
dvoid	unicornso	1	No specific role
dvolchegursky	jbam	1	No specific role
dvonhand	protomol	0	Developer
dvorak	g27	0	No specific role
dvorakz	mambo-phpshop	0	Developer
dvorak_	freedomforce	1	Developer
dvorak_	vmkit	0	No specific role
dvorak_	minigolfmaniacs	1	Developer
dvorme	essentialbudget	1	No specific role
dvorme	prevayler	0	Developer
dvorme	rcptools	1	No specific role
dvorme	swtworkbench	1	No specific role
dvorme	sweet-swt	1	No specific role
dvorme	xswt	1	No specific role
dvos	freetts	0	No specific role
dvos2002	joshi	1	Developer
dvoytenko	jumpstartui	1	No specific role
dvoytenko	btl	1	No specific role
dvoytenko	rcpinspect	1	No specific role
dvoytenko	pldoc	0	No specific role
dvrabel	idxtools	1	No specific role
dvrasp	alphalogic	1	No specific role
dvrasp	mindgame-xml	1	No specific role
dvrbnjak	ippss	0	No specific role
dvrbnjak	isportal07	0	Developer
dvrbnjak	itpmr	0	Developer
dvrdan	rtvrc	1	No specific role
dvrsn	lilypad	1	No specific role
dvsergeev	scorp	0	Developer
dvshadow	school-web	1	No specific role
dvsharyp	moxie	1	Project Manager
dvsl	fix-mime-chr	1	No specific role
dvsl	repository	1	No specific role
dvsoftware	ajaxirc	1	No specific role
dvst	xiter	1	No specific role
dvstar	nettricks	0	Developer
dvstar	twordis	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dvstar	swirl	1	No specific role
dvstar	irlex	1	Project Manager
dvstar	jswcl	1	No specific role
dvtontwikkel	dvt	0	Developer
dvttester	dvt	0	Tester
dvt_java	egovtyrol	1	No specific role
dvucinic	neurospy	1	No specific role
dvucinic	joptima	1	No specific role
dvucinic	soundofstatic	1	No specific role
dvucinic	foucault	1	No specific role
dvwinck	gatimediador	1	No specific role
dvx-pok	cs2spa	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dvyukov	cpp-object	0	Developer
dv_	ionengine	1	No specific role
dv_	traglast	0	No specific role
dv_knight	shp-tank	1	Developer
dv__	npp-plugins	1	Developer
dv__	notepad-plus	0	Developer
dv__	bincmp	1	No specific role
dwa	loadfast	1	Project Manager
dwaal	united-dreams	1	No specific role
dwabrandon	otto	0	Developer
dwafnir	gbref	1	Developer
dwagenbach	customalu32b	1	No specific role
dwagstti	orgonline	0	No specific role
dwai	bsocks	0	No specific role
dwainegarden	usbvision	1	Developer
dwainehead	phpbbmod	0	Developer
dwains102	activelock	0	Developer
dwakeman16	webpic	1	No specific role
dwalcher	casualstaffhr	1	Project Manager
dwalend	cricketcage	1	No specific role
dwalend	somnifugi	1	All-Hands Person
dwalend	pbj	1	Project Manager
dwalend	lyophilizer	1	No specific role
dwalend	networkviz	0	Developer
dwalend	jenum	1	All-Hands Person
dwalend	jdigraph	1	All-Hands Person
dwalf	etimeman	1	No specific role
dwalker	mx7community	1	No specific role
dwalkerou	db6x6	1	No specific role
dwalkerou	ouoss	0	Developer
dwallmeier	afbackup-webmin	1	No specific role
dwalters	announcelist	1	No specific role
dwalters	oap	1	Project Manager
dwalters	motorobots	1	All-Hands Person
dwalters	c681xbots	1	Developer
dwalters	qpealarmclock	1	No specific role
dwalters	timesleuth	1	Project Manager
dwalters	foodclub	1	Project Manager
dwalters	jbarcodebean	1	No specific role
dwalters128	htmlparser	0	Developer
dwalton	mev	1	Developer
dwalton	cortex	0	No specific role
dwaninger	jdbcfacade	0	Developer
dwarf	lsb	0	No specific role
dwarfcity	pintsize	1	Developer
dwarfiegirl	ldap-adm	0	Web Designer
dwarfmage	sequencel	1	No specific role
dwarning	ngspice	1	Developer
dwarnock	melati	0	Developer
dwarnock	program-booking	1	No specific role
dwarnock	visibleresults	1	Project Manager
dwarren	xsb	1	No specific role
dwarth	vor	1	No specific role
dwatrous	simplecart	1	No specific role
dwaylu	thromboards	1	No specific role
dwayneam	terppresent	1	Developer
dwayneb	my-lib	1	No specific role
dwayneb	alchim	1	Project Manager
dwaynebailey	translate	1	Project Manager
dwaynebailey	zaf	1	No specific role
dwayneh	editthispagephp	1	Developer
dwayner79	tsheet	1	Project Manager
dwballance	vmdbhl7	1	No specific role
dwballance	openvista	0	Developer
dwbrowne	ipodicons	1	Developer
dwcinc	epice	1	No specific role
dwclarke	serbert	1	No specific role
dwclarke	serprot	1	No specific role
dwcommander	digger-reloaded	1	Developer
dwcorwin	mainejug	0	No specific role
dwcumper	mvc-lt	1	Developer
dwdadmin	phpapacheindex	1	No specific role
dwdeath	unichrome	1	No specific role
dwdeath	mp3asm	1	No specific role
dweae	uima-framework	0	Developer
dweaver	squiggles	1	No specific role
dwebster	wxwindows	0	No specific role
dwee	socio	0	Developer
dweeber	cobaltfp	1	Project Manager
dweebo	dsg	1	Project Manager
dweebo	webcricket	1	No specific role
dwees	wikiquizcr-1-0	1	No specific role
dweeves	goa	1	No specific role
dweezil_v	xmldbtools	1	No specific role
dwegener	datamininggrid	0	Developer
dwegmull	usb2dcc	1	Project Manager
dweimer	bingox	0	No specific role
dweimer	xpp	0	No specific role
dweimer	monkeywrench	0	No specific role
dweiser	bpmsuite	1	Project Manager
dweiser	bopfw	1	No specific role
dwelch91	hpinkjet	1	No specific role
dwelch91	hplip	1	Developer
dwelch91	hpoj	1	No specific role
dweller2	dwmsgboard	1	No specific role
dwellinghoff	gd31244	1	No specific role
dwen_wang	cnix	0	Developer
dweomer	operreport	0	Developer
dwerg	sticky	1	Developer
dwerneck	recombo	1	Developer
dwerwin	unicore	0	Advisor/Mentor/Consultant
dwestphal	rdfapi-php	0	Developer
dwestphal	d2r-map	1	Unix Admin
dwestrom	mdsteer	0	No specific role
dwethell	nennius	1	No specific role
dwethell	rentalmanager	1	No specific role
dwetter	gendb	0	No specific role
dwf	avr-rtos	1	Developer
dwfiv	realmsofmagic	0	Developer
dwforslund	openmed	1	No specific role
dwforslund	opencma	1	No specific role
dwforslund	soap2corba	0	Developer
dwgranth	phpmap	0	Developer
dwgrunau	supermon	0	Developer
dwgrunau	bproc	0	Developer
dwh2003	mingw	0	Developer
dwh2003	tacai	1	No specific role
dwhall	gatspy	1	No specific role
dwhall	thmonkeeproject	1	No specific role
dwhall	jedit	0	Developer
dwheadon	stakeout	1	No specific role
dwheadon	bblobs	1	Project Manager
dwhedon	genext2fs	0	No specific role
dwheeler	flawfinder	1	All-Hands Person
dwheeler	readable	1	All-Hands Person
dwheeler	bddshell	1	No specific role
dwheeler	sloccount	1	All-Hands Person
dwheeler	openformula	1	No specific role
dwheeler	typecheck	0	Developer
dwheeles	patacriticism	0	Developer
dwhisnant	opensong	0	Developer
dwhite	ipmi-bsd	1	No specific role
dwhite	bugin	0	Developer
dwhite	qos	1	Developer
dwhittaker	opende	0	Developer
dwhoo	pamfortune	1	No specific role
dwhuebner	pandamail	1	No specific role
dwian	adept	1	Developer
dwichandra	enterprise-one	1	No specific role
dwichandra	gurita	1	No specific role
dwichers	owasp	0	Developer
dwichman	dynksys	1	Project Manager
dwichman	tghcache	1	Developer
dwiddows	infomap-nlp	1	All-Hands Person
dwiggys	lambdore-client	1	Developer
dwight	libgsmc	1	Project Manager
dwight	unfs	1	Project Manager
dwight0	dummyservice	1	Developer
dwight00	cpptool	0	Developer
dwightchen	twdict	1	No specific role
dwightwilson	pounder	0	Developer
dwigs	soundplay	1	Developer
dwilde	gnuology	1	Project Manager
dwilder	relayfs	1	Project Manager
dwilkins	keyfromimage	1	Developer
dwilkins42	panotools	0	Developer
dwilkins42	hugin	0	Developer
dwils2113	adopytools	1	No specific role
dwilzon	bluefox	0	Doc Writer
dwimiyanto	edui	1	No specific role
dwimsey	rdbbot	1	No specific role
dwimsey	rdesktopx	1	No specific role
dwindlehop	hyades	1	No specific role
dwindura	loadtestgen	1	No specific role
dwineman	herecast	0	Developer
dwing	neophpbb	1	Developer
dwinship	gtk-quartz	0	Developer
dwinter	hg80	1	Project Manager
dwipal	jmibbrowser	1	No specific role
dwipujono	ooo-id	0	No specific role
dwisehart	gpcb	1	No specific role
dwishen	pypiv	0	Developer
dwisp	pykde	0	Web Designer
dwizeno	xtrkcad-fork	0	No specific role
dwjpalm	onboardc	0	Developer
dwkang001	xpdl2owl	1	No specific role
dwkemp	pljava	0	No specific role
dwknight	xbnbt	0	Developer
dwknight	bnbtusermods	1	Project Manager
dwknight	bnbt	0	Developer
dwl777	softp	1	No specific role
dwlalvaro	dwlingo	1	No specific role
dwlevine	jas	1	Project Manager
dwlnetnl	fzclass	1	Developer
dwlnetnl	lantrans	1	Developer
dwlnetnl	bnetprox	1	No specific role
dwlnetnl	bzbzcg	1	Developer
dwlnetnl	plutostatus	1	Project Manager
dwlnetnl	plutoweb	0	All-Hands Person
dwmack	kanren	0	Developer
dwmccorm	ssb	1	No specific role
dwmurphy	sesil	1	No specific role
dwmurphy	bottomfeeder	1	Developer
dwmw2	linuxsh	0	No specific role
dwmw2	linux-abi	1	No specific role
dwoakee	plb4jedit	1	Developer
dwojtas	saglib	1	No specific role
dwokoun	openmed	0	No specific role
dwokoun	supermon	0	Developer
dwolke	dmonitor	1	No specific role
dwomble2	whelkmud	0	No specific role
dwonis	wmbiff	0	Project Manager
dwoodz	bacnet4linux	0	Developer
dwoolhead	moodle	0	Developer
dwoollatt	mailsomething	1	Developer
dwootton	dynprobe	1	No specific role
dwootton	dpcl	1	Developer
dword2add	tab2tex	1	No specific role
dworkinbarimen	lpcssh	1	Project Manager
dwoutersen	surfnetids	1	Developer
dwr9655	ecal	0	Developer
dwr9655	jobservatory	0	Developer
dwreid	oscarmcmaster	0	Developer
dwruddy	dpubs	1	Project Manager
dwsauder	maif	1	No specific role
dwsharp	vimdoc	1	No specific role
dwsquid	squid	1	Project Manager
dwt	the-game	1	Project Manager
dwulff	survival	1	Project Manager
dwurity	makelogictail	0	Developer
dwvisser	nukesim-classes	1	No specific role
dwvisser	jam-daq	1	Project Manager
dwwaddell	jfreereport	0	Developer
dwwaddell	maexplorer	0	Developer
dwwodan	coldbeer	1	No specific role
dwyip	inkscape	0	Developer
dwyip	inkboard	1	All-Hands Person
dwys	qwikiwiki	0	Developer
dw_aley	psycle	0	No specific role
dw_developer	dwworkflow	1	No specific role
dw_tsunami	netcurse	1	No specific role
dxcjames	sonizatag	1	No specific role
dxf	sitebox	1	Tester
dxforces	fightbot	1	No specific role
dxg231	vastamp	1	No specific role
dxg231	geovistastudio	0	Developer
dxhv29	njmvcopensource	0	No specific role
dxiao	gsex	1	No specific role
dxin	sacred	0	Developer
dxllewe	conmaster	0	Developer
dxml	cppsqlite	1	No specific role
dxnguyen	javalanglevels	1	No specific role
dxnguyen	drcsharp	1	Project Manager
dxoigmn	jblitz	1	Project Manager
dxparker	chessboy	1	No specific role
dxprog	partyfish	1	Project Manager
dxprog	tetraweb	1	No specific role
dxprog	battlefields	1	No specific role
dxpuiu	wgs-assembler	0	No specific role
dxquake	dxquake	1	No specific role
dxt12000	sealmail	1	No specific role
dxwibowo	lanox	0	Developer
dyadix	timecult	1	No specific role
dyah	tactilo	1	Developer
dyakov	squid-traffic	1	No specific role
dyanet	wsu	1	No specific role
dyao	openwspl	1	No specific role
dyatel	hystrix	0	Developer
dyatel	pli	0	Developer
dybbuk	mixmaster	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
dybbuk	gtkdnd	1	No specific role
dybbuk	nymserv	1	No specific role
dybdahl	dxgettext	1	Project Manager
dybdahl	comport	1	No specific role
dybdahl	cat-photo	1	Project Manager
dybdahl	radiorec	0	Unix Admin
dybdahl	mkal	1	No specific role
dybdahl	xmltvdk	1	Developer
dybdahl	autobudget	1	No specific role
dybenko	xokos	1	No specific role
dyckpatricia	diseaseontology	0	No specific role
dyd	sharpml	1	No specific role
dye	studentcenter	0	Tester
dyeager	xchek	1	No specific role
dyeatman	hcs	0	Developer
dyelar	prometheus	1	Developer
dyeprey	rosecp	1	No specific role
dyerm	btnode	1	Developer
dyerm	ethernut	0	Developer
dyeske	futurebsd	1	No specific role
dyeske	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
dyezy77	lifeplan-design	1	No specific role
dyfet	ccscript	1	No specific role
dyfet	ccaudio	1	No specific role
dyfet	cplusplus	1	Project Manager
dyfet	gnutelephony	1	No specific role
dyfet	ucommon	1	No specific role
dyfet	tosi	1	No specific role
dyfet	bayonne	1	No specific role
dyff	fidogate	0	No specific role
dygear	lfsworldsdk	1	All-Hands Person
dyinman	simple-search	0	Web Designer
dyken	nvision	1	All-Hands Person
dyken	shallows	0	Tester
dyksjare	churchwebsite	1	No specific role
dyksjare	pn-mod-pub	1	No specific role
dykstra	noise	1	No specific role
dykstrom	log4j-mode	1	No specific role
dykstrom	jtags	1	Developer
dylananglada	openvocoder	1	No specific role
dylancarlone	ventine	1	No specific role
dylancm	hedgehog	1	Developer
dyland	omniproject	1	Developer
dylanguillou	tradivarius	0	Developer
dylanh	rtmb	1	Project Manager
dylank	cogengine	0	No specific role
dylanlin2000	mpiblast	1	No specific role
dylann	quote	1	Project Manager
dylanrogers	bluefeather	1	No specific role
dylansf	handshake	1	No specific role
dylansmrjones	bella-mail	1	No specific role
dylan_	tonto-chem	1	Project Manager
dylan_alb	offender	1	Developer
dylan_beadle	openflow-mag	1	All-Hands Person
dylan_cuthbert	netoffice	0	Developer
dylan_hunt	codernet-cpp	0	Developer
dylan_paulson	imagecalc	1	No specific role
dylan_walkden	sarp	1	Developer
dylan_wheatley	freedb2sql	1	No specific role
dylan_wolf	snakeskin-tools	1	Developer
dylbyrt45	guindox	0	No specific role
dyle71	clickin	1	No specific role
dylster13	darkworlds	0	Editorial/Content Writer
dylunio	force-get	0	Packager (.rpm, .deb etc)
dyman	manc	1	No specific role
dymas	digfragdie	1	Project Manager
dymas	cal3d	0	Developer
dymb	bifftray	1	No specific role
dymek	wxstudio	0	No specific role
dyn0	xero	1	Developer
dyn4mik3	lnolinux2	1	No specific role
dynacore	gpgrelay	1	No specific role
dynadata	mrp-dynadata	1	No specific role
dynak	galactivovr	1	Developer
dynam8	regmonexporter	1	No specific role
dynamic	warboid-world	1	No specific role
dynamicbits	dynamicbits	1	No specific role
dynamicfusion	firegatesg	1	No specific role
dynamicinsight	dynacore	1	Project Manager
dynamick	voiceone	1	Project Manager
dynamick	syntax-desktop	1	Project Manager
dynamicsmec	freesrs	1	Developer
dynamike2000	phpeclipse	0	Developer
dynamisdenarii	titux-cashflow	1	No specific role
dynamis_sf	jlpmoz	1	Project Manager
dynamite	sqlmedialib	1	No specific role
dynamite	rasterbike	1	No specific role
dynamite	setsched	0	Developer
dynamite	freespace	0	Developer
dynamite	libbinio	1	Developer
dynamite	adplug	1	Developer
dynamitedane	kmess	0	Web Designer
dynanet	rssframework	1	No specific role
dynapi	dynapi	0	Support Technician
dynasam	lampsim	1	No specific role
dynastar454	op-torch	1	Project Manager
dynclient	drm	0	No specific role
dynclient	gnudip2	0	No specific role
dyne42	lseos	0	Developer
dynomite	dynomite	1	No specific role
dynomite	phpwsplugins	0	Developer
dynustesea	iec03162006	1	No specific role
dynw	iog	1	No specific role
dyn_gamedev	wolfxp	1	No specific role
dyn_lte	wepchat2	1	No specific role
dyode	linuxce	0	No specific role
dyohi	palmcricket	1	No specific role
dyoo	obo	1	Developer
dyoo	geneontology	0	Developer
dyoo	gmod	0	Developer
dyoo	tutorbot	1	No specific role
dyoo78	xoops	0	Developer
dyorgio	scorpionsadv	1	No specific role
dyork	makefaq	1	No specific role
dyork	lsb	0	No specific role
dyork	smetranslations	1	All-Hands Person
dyork	viewportfolio	1	No specific role
dyoung8888	nslu	1	Developer
dyoung8888	openjtag	1	Developer
dyous87	conquest	1	Project Manager
dyp	cmap	1	No specific role
dyp	ocad2mp	0	Developer
dyp	kiwi-navi	1	No specific role
dyp	xdb	0	Developer
dyp	flawia	1	No specific role
dyq	du-opfer	1	No specific role
dyrby76	drjava	1	Developer
dyrby76	javalanglevels	0	Developer
dyre	daddyq	0	Developer
dyrix	newelmailadmin	1	No specific role
dysark	avgi	0	No specific role
dysdera	araneus	1	No specific role
dysfunction	handy	1	No specific role
dysinger	lightuml	0	No specific role
dysinger	memtestmac	1	No specific role
dysl3xicdog	silicon-sifter	1	No specific role
dysonj	ventana-portal	1	No specific role
dysonx	pong	0	Developer
dyspnea	xgroove	1	No specific role
dysprozium	qualife	1	No specific role
dysprozium	freefar	1	No specific role
dyssident	pagebreaktaglib	1	No specific role
dyssident	soulman	1	No specific role
dyssident	jiggywiki	1	No specific role
dyssident	maxfisher	1	No specific role
dytang	dbsaga	1	Project Manager
dyutiman	nexhibition	1	Project Manager
dyutiman	steve-museum	0	Developer
dyzma	care2002	0	Analysis / Design
dyzydery	geon	0	Developer
dz-msk	krecmydesktop	1	No specific role
dz-msk	sb2dvd	1	No specific role
dz0	moodle	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
dz0004455	html-editor	1	No specific role
dz3	kinshipeditor	1	Support Manager
dz902	sapphire-php	1	No specific role
dzabaleta	trx-framework	1	Developer
dzacca	squidstat	1	Unix Admin
dzach	gpsfeed	1	No specific role
dzafman	ci-linux	0	Developer
dzafman	opendlm	0	Developer
dzafman	ssic-linux	0	Developer
dzakharov	firebird	0	No specific role
dzamir	sqlstrbuilder	1	No specific role
dzariusz	pascppal	1	No specific role
dzavitz	jufs	1	No specific role
dzcs	scenario-api	1	All-Hands Person
dzeimsbalts	odysseus	1	No specific role
dzelaya	opentaps	0	No specific role
dzenand	flashpm	1	No specific role
dzenand	netcomp	1	No specific role
dzenanr	dmlite	1	All-Hands Person
dzenav	dizzypages	1	No specific role
dzenc	openfi	0	Developer
dzeng	openkore	1	Project Manager
dzerjinski	digitme	1	No specific role
dzeus	binocle	1	No specific role
dzhimiev	elphel	0	Developer
dzhite	figmento	1	No specific role
dzhonatan	jdip	0	Developer
dziadek	dftps	0	Developer
dzieciou	e-travel	1	No specific role
dzieciou	e-cap	1	Project Manager
dzieciou	gridagents	0	Developer
dzieciou	log4jade	1	No specific role
dzimmerer	genforms	0	Developer
dzinch	drive2gether	1	No specific role
dziners	algorythm	1	No specific role
dzink	pcihpd	1	No specific role
dziqs	opentb	1	No specific role
dzire	pong4it	0	Developer
dziskind	terppaint	0	Tester
dziumanenko	gedit-pomode	1	No specific role
dziwisz	xim	0	No specific role
dziwisz	opencommander	1	No specific role
dzl	cleese	0	Developer
dzmiyin	mailslayer	1	Project Manager
dzoe	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
dzolnierz	svggraph	1	No specific role
dzomlija	phxleiluvcl	1	No specific role
dzonatas	oslcc	1	No specific role
dzone	opda	1	No specific role
dzone	jpodder	1	Project Manager
dzone	jpass	1	Project Manager
dzone	vdheide-id3	1	No specific role
dzone	xfile	1	No specific role
dzongker	pyid3lib	1	No specific role
dzongker	imgtops	1	No specific role
dzop	arbor	1	Project Manager
dzop	xwidget	1	Project Manager
dzop	scylla	1	No specific role
dzounar	pomgenerator	1	No specific role
dzsekijo	ntfs-3g	0	Developer
dzsekijo	fuse4bsd	1	No specific role
dzsekijo	fuse	0	Developer
dzsoi	recoder-cs	1	Developer
dzsoi	kaptleen	1	Project Manager
dzsoi	kbatt	1	No specific role
dztall	blex	1	No specific role
dzu	worshiptocd	0	Developer
dzu	u-boot	1	Developer
dzub	iceorg	1	Project Manager
dzub	zpg	1	No specific role
dzubi	hastymail	0	Developer
dzubi	checkstyle4ada	1	No specific role
dzuki	quantlib	0	Developer
dzuy	fmj	0	No specific role
dzwiedziu-nkg	ospycat	1	No specific role
dzwiedziu-nkg	ecrit	1	Project Manager
dzwiedziu-nkg	biblospk	1	No specific role
dzygmont	starpound	1	Project Manager
dzygmont	star-pound	1	No specific role
dzygmont	mde	1	Project Manager
d_23	rtimport	1	Developer
d_beck	millebv	0	No specific role
d_benson	jgpd	1	Project Manager
d_benson	jgraph	1	Project Manager
d_benson	jflowchart	1	Project Manager
d_beu	php4win32	1	Developer
d_christop	war	0	No specific role
d_cove	php-hug	0	Translator (I18N/L10N)
d_edmark	ti-x86	1	No specific role
d_engi	diskfreeofs	1	No specific role
d_esterkin	jdba	0	No specific role
d_ewing	openzigbee	1	No specific role
d_e_m_o_n_e	bewos	0	Developer
d_file	monoshell	1	No specific role
d_flannery	icatx	1	No specific role
d_gollub	gpgman	0	Developer
d_gollub	sponge	1	Developer
d_griffin	coushe	1	Developer
d_gruntz	gps-simulator	1	No specific role
d_guidi	nts	1	No specific role
d_henry	php-publica	1	No specific role
d_herrendoerfer	libspe	1	Developer
d_hildebrandt	realpeer	1	No specific role
d_hollingsworth	originalsynth	1	No specific role
d_hollingsworth	acm-uc	1	All-Hands Person
d_hudson	vts	0	Tester
d_huebner	fornax	0	Developer
d_huebner	architecturware	0	Developer
d_jencks	jetty	0	No specific role
d_jencks	firebird	0	Developer
d_jencks	openejb	0	Developer
d_jencks	xdoclet	0	Developer
d_j_r	phpdm	1	No specific role
d_kourtesis	mpeg7audiodb	0	Developer
d_krakhmalnik	dotnetcommlib	1	No specific role
d_lewis	sahi	0	Developer
d_lucas	cdatastructures	1	No specific role
d_milne	wikipedia-miner	1	No specific role
d_mironovich	jeuclid	0	Developer
d_mrvar	itpmr	0	Developer
d_oneill	brlcad	0	Tester
d_oury	php-ims-connect	1	Developer
d_o_u_g_h	hmcenter	0	No specific role
d_plaindoux	vodoo-stream	1	No specific role
d_pringle	ppclinux	0	No specific role
d_reszka	wymsite	1	Developer
d_reszka	wymstyle	1	No specific role
d_reszka	wym-editor	1	Web Designer
d_roso	plone-i18n	0	Developer
d_rossberg	brlcad	0	Developer
d_rostron	kmeans	0	Developer
d_russell	nh-hyb-interf	1	No specific role
d_r_a_g_o_n	mangalomania	1	No specific role
d_sandor	amazonstore	1	No specific role
d_santos	pmtool	0	Developer
d_sergienko	ipspy	1	No specific role
d_sergienko	husky	1	Project Manager
d_sergienko	filin	0	Developer
d_shihu	pavlov	0	Developer
d_sieger	pkgsrc-wip	0	Developer
d_silin	xgauss	1	No specific role
d_skinhead	arapuka	0	Developer
d_starke	pxelasticlayout	1	No specific role
d_s_cavanaugh	prospect-if	1	Developer
d_s_e	lpd-jukebox	1	No specific role
d_vincent_fr	sudoku-steps	1	No specific role
d_voronkevich	zmecalc	1	No specific role
d_weis	reveal	1	No specific role
d_whitmarsh	netburnd	1	Project Manager
d_wilms	idaho	0	Developer